The texture of this concealer pallet is fantastic, it has great coverage and a wide variety of uses, I guess it's meant for professional makeup artists and a lot of the colours are of no use to me but I use at least two of them on a regular basis, and two more occasionally, which is the only reason I'm giving it for stars, I feel like the range of colors is kind of a waste for me, but the  product itself  is wonderful, it's not cakey, gives me a natural for and concealed my imperfections, therefore I highly recommend it :)
I was very happy to get this palette, now I wish it was offered in subscription form like some of the makeup we use daily is.  In this unnamed set you can do a lot of blending, sculpting, highlighting and concealing.  The product is nicely pigmented, it's smooth and applies well then blends out beautifully. I have normal to dry skin as I'm 59 years, this works wonderfully under my foundation.  I also use a silicone based primer,which works well for my skin type to give me the fresh, dewy look I love.You get a good amount of product for your money here, so this is well worth the cost.  What more can you say, if one is willing to repurchase a product then that says more than mere words.
I have mixed feelings about this product. When I first started using it, I can see and feel the difference. It actually started to literally peel the dark skin away. There's a bit of a sting but that's how I know it was working. My skin was lighter in just a couple weeks! However, once I've stopped using it when I reached my desired skin color, it went back to being dark. I applied more and suddenly it was no longer working. It didn't peel or sting. I wonder what went wrong or if it has an expiration date or something. Overall, it works but definitely not consistent.
I haven't been a big fan of Prada's fragrances over the years but absolutely fell in love with the sweetness and candy-like scent of this perfume! This smells like a sweet, decadent caramel with tones of vanilla and I'm not sure what else, but it smells great! Although, I must say that this seller is asking for WAY too high a price for this bottle! You could get the 2.7 oz bottle for around the same price at Neiman Marcus (the 1.7 oz for around $80 if you prefer a smaller bottle)!
I'm very picky when it comes to fragrance. I love to wear it, but I don't want to leave it on others after a handshake or a hug. My fragrance needs to be subtle.I sample a lot of fragrance until I settle on one that I really love and right now, BRIGHT CRYSTAL is what I put on each morning.BRIGHT CRYSTAL is like standing in a flower garden on a warm spring day and having a slight breeze blow just a hint of the garden's aroma in your direction.I put on a few drops in the morning and BRIGHT CRYSTAL is with me all day.I can't fully describe a fragrance without including a very important aspect of the product--the bottle. BRIGHT CRYSTAL is a pink liquid that comes in a rectangular clear bottle with an oversized oval-cut &#8220;crystal&#8221; stopper. It looks nice on the counter.If you enjoy a light floral scent, I definitely recommend BRIGHT CRYSTAL by Versace.
This is the real Versace Bright Crystal fragrance.  My bottle was not open, tampered with, or have a strong alcohol smell. I love how clean this perfume smells. I tried it out at Macy's. I wanted to try a fendi  scent, but the salesman asked me to try Bright Crystal and another Versace scent. I smelled the other first and then Bright Crystal. I was instantly sold on the Bright Crystal. I sprayed it on myself and then came straight to amazon to get it at a fraction of the price. The bottle is huge! I'll be wearing this everyday to the office, I'm sure I'll receive tons of compliments. Because the scent is not overpowering and very clean, I don't have to worry about it being too loud in an office setting. Thanks amazon!
We were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner. Had high hopes for it, and it did not deliver.The smell was okay.It was harsh and stripping on the hair follicles.Left our hair with that squeaky clean feeling, but not in a good way, more in a removed all the oil from your hair kinda away.Even in using the conditioner, my hair still looked frizzy. And I do not have frizzy hair! Mine is fine, thin, and straight. If anything I usually border on having my hair be too silky and need things to volumize it.Just cannot recommend this product.
So i have been using the Avalon Organics both Shampoo and Conditioner for a few months now. I have seen a pretty good result. My hair has definitely gotten a bit thicker and stronger. I notice less hair falling out. I have combined this shampoo/conditioner with also taking Biotin Supplements so i do not know if its solely because of the shampoo/conditioner or a combination between the both, but improvement is there. My only one complain is that the conditioner doesnt give you that soft conditioner feel other conditioners give you.. Its a little rough as oppose to soft. In conclusion, if you have thin hair i recommend both products as well to supplement with a daily Biotin vitamin.
I put in my sons bathroom & he's as picky as me.  This doesn't leak out all over the tub like I thought it would.  I just knew when I hung it & went to clean his bathroom, there would be residue from whatever was coming out of this dripping on to the tub underneath it.  I am happy to say, there is NONE!  Easy to install & this thing isn't moving, installed with silicone which I love.  Easy to refill as well. A+ for this little mechanism!
Bought this because my shower was getting cluttered with different kind of soap, shampoo, face wash and etc. After receiving this and putting it up on my shower wall, no more bottles!Pros:Each bottle holds a lot of liquid.Each to use buttons.Clean design.Comes with waterproof adhesive and it's stick as hell.Durable - I've dropped the bottles over and over again when I was clumsily trying to shampoo inside and it still works.Cons:The adhesive stinks when you first place it on but that's a given and does not take away rating for this product.
I bought 2 of these in October 2011 and they are still working perfectly.  When I have a need for another one, I naturally come back to the same brand, same style - the  Classic - and ship and sold by amazon.I like the fact that when I need to refill, I can take each container out individually, plus the fact that there is one cover on the outside making it easy to keep it clean.Some other dispensers have 2 or 3 chambers and the chambers are all in one piece. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CD3T2U/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc;=1You have to slide the whole thing out even if you only need to fill one chamber when others are still full.  In addition, the others not having a one-piece cover on the outside, water tends to get inside the chamber holding mechanism and mold can develop inside that you can't see without taking the chambers out.  I have a couple of those that came with a house I bought. This also reinforces my decision in going back to the 4-chamber Classic one.
I bought a similar type of dispenser back in 1995, when I was outfitting my new apartment. Perhaps that was the Dispenser Classic I. That one lasted 11 years without a problem and I threw it out only because it looked old and I was moving. Flash forward to 2011. I decided to buy one for my condo. A day or two after I put in the bottles, I noticed shampoo from the dispenser dripping onto the faucet. It turns out that one of the bottles had a hairline crack in it. It was tiny but enough to cause a serious leak. I examined the bottles closely and realized how thin and cheap the plastic containers really are. Unbelievable. Now I have to decide whether to use Crazy Glue or go through the hassle of emptying the two other containers and sending the whole thing back to Amazon for a refund. If this is the Classic III, I wonder how bad IV will be. I'd be hesitate to order this again.
This is a must have for all bathrooms. When i moved into my new house, i had one of these already there in the bathroom. I liked it so much i decided to buy another one for my second bathroom. I didn't think i could find the exact one but i was wrong. Amazon has everything.The quality is great, the dispensers work flawlessly and attaching it to the wall is very easy. Inside the dispenser there is two good size containers. It comes with all sorts of stickers: shampoo, soap, conditionar, lotion, etc. IT is very handy. Its annoying to squeeze shampoo and conditionar from a bottle.
I think that the organizational system behind this is great - the bottles are reasonably easy to load and prime, the little windows let you know when you're running low on anything. There are several different labels included in the package, including a blank one, in case you want to fill it with lotion instead of body wash, or whatever.The mirror is rather small, but useful for checking your brows or, if you're a dude, your facial-shave job. It doesn't steam up, there may be a coating? Or I'm just getting lucky :)The flat shelf are on the top is useful for holding your razor, while the many hooks on the bottom help organize the scrubbies and loofas that seem to overwhelm the bathroom shelves normally.My only wish is that it's just a bit smaller, as the whole thing is maybe 14-18 inches across, which is a lot of visual space!
I have this in our guest bathroom shower and it is perfect.  The bottles hold only about 2/3 of the full size one I have in our master bath, but that is fine since the occasional use it gets doesn't facilitate a lot of refilling.  I loath those wire shelving units for showers so I was so excited to find this and have everything off the floor and kept together for easy use in such a tidy little package.This comes with the silicone adhesive AND a few squares of adhesive foam backing, the idea is you spread the silicone on and the adhesive foam squares hold it in place while it dries.  You have to wait 24 hours before filling the bottles to allow the silicone glue to cure. I have one of these in my master bath for 3 years without budging so it is a very strong hold.
I've been using this creme for about 20 years now. It's amazing stuff. It's gotten my hands and forearms (and feet sometimes) through 84 rose bushes, countless tree prunings, landscape rehabbing, etc. I have found that even with cuts and scratches, this lotion never stings. All the herbs probably have an antiseptic effect on injuries, but who knows.The scent is wonderful too, at least I think so. Quite unique and natural, but not overpowering.Since the creme is very concentrated, I DO recommend letting it soak in well before you go driving or touching door knobs, etc. A little goes a LONG way! :0So glad they keep making this great product!PJ
This hand cream has one of the nicest fragrances I've ever come across and it seems to be one that everybody likes.  The cream is non greasy and absorbs quickly but leaves your hands feeling soft and moisturized.  This is the of those products I buy over and over again and have for several years.  It also makes a nice gift in a basket with a pair ofAngela's Garden 7120-921 Kids Garden Glove, Honey Bee, a hand gardening tool and a couple packets of seeds. The people I have given it to tell me that it's become one of their favorites too.  Everyone seems to like it's nice clean smell.
I first purchased this hand treatment from a garden center - what a favorite it has become. I really does help restore your hands after digging in the garden (or washing dishes in the sink, if you're old-fashioned like me). I have purchased many as gifts for others. This size (100g) is a generous tube and will last a long time. I gave it four stars only because it is more expensive here than at the Crabtree & Evelyn outlet store - or maybe I just got lucky when I visited that store last time. Truth is, I'll buy it wherever I can find it.
Best hand cream I've ever used, and I NEVER use hand cream. This year, I got a puppy and with it comes a lot of mess and handwashing. Top if off with my working in the food industry + new York winters and you've got dry, painful hands. I tried many MANY different creams at a drug store one day - 2 hours worth of searching from the least to most expensive creams lead me to this one. It has a light leather smell, so definitely good for men also (I like the smell of leather, so Im a big fan, even as a lady). I put it on after Ive washed my hands and it is thick, rich, and I enjoy massaging it into my knuckles. Once it's on, it doenst leave a sticky or greasy film, just lovely moisture and no dryess. I have a mini tube in my handbag, large pump at the office, an 1in my home. I like the stuff to say the least!
Crabtree & Evelyn Gardener's Hand Therapy has been my favorite lotion for many years.  While I don't have a problem with very dry skin, I still like a good, non-greasy lotion for my hands, arms, feet, and sometimes even my face.  This product is not greasy.  It does not have an annoying fragrance, actually not much at all.  My sister-in-law told me she uses it on her psoriasis and it helps.  It's not a cure, of course.  There really isn't one.  But it helps the skin feel better.  Since she liked it so much, I tried it and have been using it ever since.  It's hard to find in stores---almost impossible---but Amazon.com carries it.  Thanks again, Amazon.
I don't curl my hair every day so I didn't need to get a high-end curler.  I dropped my old curling iron (10+ years old) and had to buy one from an all-night pharmacy.  I paid twice as much as the Amazon price but was very happy with the curling iron.  What a surprise to save 50% thru Amazon for the exact same product.  Now I have one tucked into my overnight bag for visits to the grandkids.The iron does everything I need it to do.  Heats quickly, evenly, and has an automatic turn-off.  The barrel is the perfect width (you'd be surprised how much this can vary.)  It feels great in my hand without being cumbersome.
I like the size of the barrel on this iron and I like the results I got with it.  However the design of the kickstand and its location are horrible and unsafe.When you heat the iron up on the higher settings the kickstand gets very, very hot and it's very difficult to use the iron without touching that kickstand because of where it's located.  I burned my hand on it while holding the iron and then I burned my face with the kickstand while curing my hair.I'm not at all happy with this product and I'm returning it after using it only twice.
The iron heats up quickly and seems to be good quality.  The buttons are well built, easy to understand and use.Like any curling iron, it does take quite a while to cool down, which is frustrating, but true with any product like this one.The cord is probably about 6 feet, which is a nice length to work with.  The cord is a little stiff, so it has curled a little too much now that it has been stretched a lot.Overall good product for the price.
So in love with my conair curling iron. I have been using this everyday since I bought this. I have never had a curling iron with a clip, so I was wanting to try it. It heats up quick. I think the buttons are perfect, I have not hit them once while using the tool. Curling iron came in super fast, came in2 days before shipment date! It did take me some practice to use this. After the third time, I finally got use to it. Overall this product is fabulous. I recommend this if you want a curling iron easy to use, something that heats up quick, shipment comes in super quick, and for a great deal!P.S If you are interested in this product, but unsure how to use it; go on youTube and look up &#34;How to curl hair with conair curling iron&#34;. You can look up different styles as well. It helped me choose this curling iron. :)
Rarely do I go cheap on things that have to do with my hair but I wanted to try out a new size barrel without making a huge commitment so I gave this one a try.Pros:heats up quicklythe barrel and clip hold even my thinner hair tightlygets hot enough to produce a nice curl without burningcool tip makes holding at certain angles easier.Cons:the collar that regulates the temp broke - it is stuck in the temp range I wanted it in so no need to move it but that could be a bigger problem if I wanted varying tempssometimes takes several presses of the on button to get it to turn onno auto turn offFor what I paid I think this is an acceptable choice; if you are looking for something that will last I'd suggest looking elsewhere though.
This is my first curling iron. I was so confused when I chose this since the price is kinda inexpensive. I could choose something more expensive and popular like Hot Tools brand but I was not very sure with the ideal that I would curl my hair often or even if I could curl it (lol) but this one works great (for me). It gets hot pretty quickly and doesn't take long to curl my hair. I like it, and I believe it's good buy. I read some comment said it doesn't last &#34;too&#34; long or something but I don't really mind. For the price, just can't beat it or at least give it a try!!!
True to its name, this curling iron heats up fast (literally 1-2 minutes), and a blinking light turns solid when it's at temperature and ready to use. It gets extremely hot -- settings range from 1 to 25 and even a "5" is too hot to touch; I've used it at "13" for several months now with great results. Its clamp holds hair securely but doesn't snag hairs in the hinge. A sturdy wire foot and a plastic tip keep the hot barrel off the countertop. It has an on/off button and will automatically turn itself off (but not until it's left untouched for about an hour). The iron cools in the usual amount of time (touchable in 5-10 minutes, completely cool in 15+ minutes).I mostly use the 3/4-inch model -- but, with my very short hair, I also use the1/2-inch modelduring the first week or so after I've had a haircut. Highly recommended -- they're the best curling irons I've ever used.
My hair is super straight and thin. It also doesn't take heat very well. What's so great about this curler is the adjustable heat settings. 7 works great for me and I just hold it there for ten seconds. Not only that but the curls actually stay. Most times, they go wavy after the first 30 minutes, no matter how long I hold it on for. But with this it lasted me two hours. I'm so impressed and especially for the price. You cannot beat that.
I absolutely love this conair instant heat curling iron!  I ordered it on amazon because of the great price. It did not come in the packaging I'm used to seeing in stores but figured it may have just changed since my last curling iron purchase (last year).  The first time I used it it worked great.  The second it kept turning off or shorting out on me.  I changed outlets and still the problem continued.I would recommend this curling iron to a friend but perhaps not through the internet.I re-ordered thinking it was just a defective one and the second time, it wouldn't even heat up enough to hold a curl.  I think Conair has changed it's product and I will not buy again.
I asked my husband to go out and get me a curling iron with a fat barrel and this is what he got me. It has a large barrel, it heats up extremely quickly, and it has automatic shut-off. Those are some definite pluses, but there are a few things that bother me. The barrel is short compared to my other curling irons. The stand gets in the way, though I can fold it back; and the the way the handle is designed, it's not comfortable to hold. I accidentally change the heat settings just trying to curl my bangs.It works, but all the little details make this my least desirable curling iron of all time.
I needed a 1/2 inch curling iron and this one works just fine for my needs.  I have one of the same model in the one inch and I liked it, so ordered the same model in the smaller size.  I like that it turns itself off after a certain period of time because I often forget to do so.  I also like that you can adjust the heat or strength of curl.  I have had many Conair products over the years and have been satisfied with all of them.
i orderd 4  at first,then i think  few more,Did you know.. im 60 years old & been wearing these from day one?  YEP !!!!!they stayed on getting me threw a divorce crying,there Water proof for sure  LOLThese are the best.i can't remember the year they came out,but i tell ya,  i was almost the first one to try it out & loved it & nothing eles since then !!i suppose theres others out there,but AGAIN, have to look & buy & try it out  GrrrrThese Im buying should last  Ummmm  Hopefully a year?kinda doubt  it as i wear make up every single day,i have to fill in my brows  as i used to shave them years ago  haaathey don't look to bad now,  LOLits just im used to USING  Eye liners for a great Look !!Why in the world r they leaving  ?
I picked up this concealer to cover up acne, blemishes, pimples, the works.  I was trying to decided between this one and the light one but decided to go with this one as the green is supposed to cancel out the redness.  This stick concealer is near impossible to blend to a nice finish and it leaves a sticky and waxy residue on your skin. As to no surprise, the packaging is just as flawed as the product itself.  Within a week of using this product the concealer stuck to the top of the tube and I couldn't get it out.  Ick!
I wanted to be blown away by this concealer, but sadly I wasn't; don't get me wrong this concealer is good, I gave it 3 stars because first and foremost it's real sticky creamy consistency, after I applied it, it kept this wet sticky texture, I like the ones that don't stay wet like and sticky, plus it made me have a few pimples,  if your looking for a concealer that stays kinda damp then you will love this one, because all of us girls like different things, and one thing may work perfect for one of us may not work at all for someone else, ya know!
this is my second time getting this i use it on my problem areas before i put on my foundation then i put on a different concealer afterwards, very close to my skin tone it is a bit to dark but once i blend it it looks fine. if you have dry skin this will accentuate that area. i used this when i had no primer and when i did have primer. i would say use primer, it will go on smoother and be easier to blend, with out it it did kind of look chalky. if you leave this in the heat it will break! happened to me with both of mine because my bathroom heater is on 24/7.
I have had one tube of this for a couple of years now and JUST ran out. I am feeling very yucky without it.I only gave it 4 stars because the consistency could be a SMIDGE more creamy, but it has decent staying power.For those who say that it doesn't cover the dark circles under the eyes, you will need to 1st use a concealer that is a shade lighter than your face's skin color first (or closer to a salmon color) and then lightly add this to the top. Watch some videos on YouTube about 'highlighting' and you will find that this color is perfect for those highlighting areas on top of your base/ foundation and normal concealer.Maybe there are better versions of this in the 'fancier' brands, but I am returning to buy this one because I know it works and takes off 10 years when used under my eyes.
I'm no expert at beauty, so this is just one regular user's experience. However, I put it on and it stayed green, which had me worried. I blended it, and could see the blemish (red) peeking through, while the green remained stubbornly green. Given that it's a stick of concealer, it's a little insulting to think I did it wrong. Nevertheless, I removed it and tried again. Same result.So I went ahead and did my usual powder foundation/settling veil powder routine, and lo and behold - I could still see the blemish AND the green through my makeup.I'm not really sure what's going on. Perhaps I'm using the wrong color concealer? Either way, it really didn't behave or perform the way I expected or hoped it would. Good thing it was cheap because it has been sitting, unused in a drawer since day 1.
I have very fair, translucent skin and have always had issues with dark circles under my eyes.  I've used every concealer out there, but most only further exaggerate the dark circles and worsen the appearance of bags.  The good thing about this concealer is that it's extremely affordable and the yellow really does help neutralize the appearance of blue and purple veins under the eyes.  The bad news is that it appears cakey when applied under powdered mineral makeup, giving a chalk-like appearance.  This occurs even when the concealer is applied VERY lightly.  If you use a liquid makeup, this will probably not be an issue.  With other forms of makeup, it might not blend as well as you would like.  I still find it does a better job than the other concealers, so I still use a small amount of this and take some considerable time blending it with my foundation.
Im a WOC and I always wanted a yellow concealer for my under eye circles and I read the reviews and bought this one. The concealer by itself is really good quality, creamy texture, long stay,, good coverage plus in a convenient stick so u can just point n put. But honestly I gave it a number of tries and it just looked too pale on me, as in, less yellow more cream-white so it would show through even after blending and blending with my colour foundation. DOES NOT look good on me at all. I guess I'll have to find a proper yellow one in my country local brands, which cater to our skin colours. But that said, its a good product. I still use it for spot concealing.
I have absolutely horrible dark circles, far beyond the point of being concealed with any type or amount of makeup, but this product significantly reduces their discolored appearance.This looks pretty good and almost unnoticeable once blended out with my ring fingers. However, I really need a primer or something with this or it creases horribly. It feels sort of greasy and heavy when applied, but if you go easy with it and just make it last by spreading and blending, it works. It looks even better if applied under flesh-tone concealer or foundation.My main problem is that the packaging isn't entirely hygienic, at least if you put the stick right on your skin. It could spread bacteria and cause breakouts, so maybe use a small brush or something with it.
Oily, and makes makeup slip off without having to apply pressure on the cotton pad. A little goes a long way. Cuts through heavy duty mascara, liner, shadow, you name it (I've used it on stubborn lip stains). You will have to wipe/clean the oil off your lids and lashes if you want to reapply makeup after using this. If you DO need to reapply after using remover, you should consider a water-based makeup remover that will evaporate so you don't have to worry about oil residue causing your makeup to slip off. Usually I remove my makeup at the end of the day before bathing and don't reapply makeup until the next day, so the oil doesn't bother me. Will repurchase.
It does remove most of my eye makeup but not all. When I use it, it seems to remove it all but then I wash my face and see black mascara rings under my eyes. I'm using as directed, so I feel  it's not that effective. Also, it is moisturizing but too 'oily' for me. I find myself wiping my eyes on my face towel but still feel a residue around my eyes. I think it's all right but I wouldn't purchase again. Almay's makeup remover pads did a much better  job but they were somewhat drying ... so I'm still on the lookout for an ideal mascara remover
If you are looking for a makeup remover that removes waterproof mascara this works great. It is oily so you only need a tiny amount on a cotton ball or pad. After wiping off all the mascara I recommend that you wash your face and areas around your eyes with a liquid soap you'd use to clean your face normally. Then splash a lot of water around your eyes especially so there is no oily residue left. If you don't do this the oil can be slightly irritating and may make your eyes feel itchy. So make sure to remove the remover and you should have less problems.~The Rebecca Review
I read Waterproof Eye Makeup Remover and thought &#34;Hey, I can finally used something other than baby oil, or other house-hold oils,&#34; thinking that it wasn't an oil bases remover. When it arrived I find out that this product is essentially just unscented mineral oil. It works and I'll use it until it's gone but I'll go back to using coconut oil when it's gone. If, like me, your use an unscented oil for moisturizing (I use coconut oil) then make it work double duty as a makeup remover as well and save a couple bucks and cut down on counter/makeup drawer clutter.
This was the first waterproof liquid eyeliner that I used. When I first started using it, I loved it. However, I had nothing to compare it to. Since, I've used different drug store brands of liquid eyeliner and this one sort of fails in comparison. Don't get me wrong, it isn't horrible, but there are others out there that are better. It is waterproof, but it isn't air proof. It dries, cracks an then flakes off throughout the day. As it dries, it feels as if it tightens and shrinks (which causes the cracking). While it does this, IT ITCHES SOMETHING FIERCE! After a while, the brush starts to get weird and application gets messy. I wouldn't recommend it.
I would not buy this liquid liner again.  I do like that it is waterproof, but I do not like that I have to apply, and reapply it several times before I can get it right.  I am used to being able to use an eye liner brush to smudge, and blend, or correct the line on my upper lid, and you can not do this with this eye liner.  If you do not like how you applied the line, it will flake off, yes, peel, and flake off, and you will need to start again.  But, once you get it how you want, it does stay.  I would not buy this liquid liner again though.
As long as this eyeliner is applied correctly there should be no peeling, fading or flaking.  The only time I get some flaking or peeling is if I apply it too thickly. I put this on early in the morning (7am or so) and don't take it off until 11 or 12 pm.  And in all that time it stayed where I put it and the color stayed true.I have horrible allergies and I also have tear producing issues...combine these problems and there is really nothing I could wear to line my eyes-until I found  Maybelline Lineworks.  My eyes can and will at times ooze tears all day.Sometimes it looks as if I'm having a crying jag. BUT even through all this, my liner never goes anywhere! I use Ponds to take it off at night.  Easy peasy!The only thing I'm upset with is that Maybelline seems to be  dis-continuing many of the colors and while I can understand it, I don't LIKE it.
The brush for this eyeliner is horrible. I LOVE brushes, and prefer them over felt tips but this is the exception. The brush for this eyeliner is VERY small and too soft. It's hard to make a straight line because the bristles are just all over the place. Additionally, when you go over to reapply liner in some places - when it dries, it tends to look very clumpy and unflattering. I had such high hopes for this liner because of the brush applicator and how beautifully matte the color was but this is a total fail.
This is the only liquid eyeliner that can withstand my oily eyelids all day without degenerating into a pool of guck. Cat eyes are my every day look and this liquid eyeliner does a competent job. But, it's not perfect either. I'm not sure if I should keep buying new bottles every so many weeks without using up the old ones because I think being exposed to too much air breaks down its effectiveness. Rather than getting smudgy on my lids, it starts flaking, so I look like I have chipped paint. Not good. But out of all the liners I've worn, this is the longest wearing one by far.
My family had used this product for many years but I had not been able to find it in a long time.  I have old feet, yep, there it is...I have old feet.  They have developed cracks and creases, callouses and snags.  My husband is a diabetic and foot care is of utmost importance for his wellbeing.  Pretty Feet & Hands is a great exfoliant for both of us.  I recommend using this at least once a week, though it can be used daily.  Bye-bye rough, dry, cracked, snags and such.  Hello to smoother, younger, healthier feet!
I bought this months ago. Like it a lot. I use it on my feet periodically right after I get out of the shower. I think the little bit of moisture from the shower makes this product more effective. The dry dead skin rolls right off. I use it on my elbows as well to keep the dry skin to a minimum. I know some people use it on their faces as well, however, my face is already soft, and it's also extremely sensitive. So I think this would just make my face break out. I only use it on problem areas like my feet and elbows. Good for the hands too, since I wash my hands a lot, my hands dry out. Makes the dead skin roll off instantly.
Simply put, there is nothing on this earth that removes rough skin for my feet.  My skin is baby smooth after use.  This product is rather messy; therefore I would suggest using the product outside.  Otherwise you are left with white skin bits on your floors that are rather unappealing and difficult to clean.  You will be astonished by how much new skin is revealed after using this product.  I also use it on my hands, knees and elbows.  My skin is highly sensitive and there are no adverse reactions to this product. I've been using this for over 10 years and wouldn't use anything else.
Certain celeb liked to brag about Head n Shoulders which is ok.....the real deal is T-Gel for any of you poor souls who are prone to dandruff, eczema, etc., I use it twice ....and I use it liberally....no quarter sized amounts....more like a silver dollar size or more and message into your scalp thoroughly, leave it and wash some other areas....then rinse off thoroughly, and rinse the T-Gel out, and do it again, maybe wash your back as you let it set, then rinse thoroughly again. Buying the largest size on Amazon let's you fill smaller bottles at home if you are self conscious others seeing it, or just leave the big bottle in your shower caddy. I've been using T-Gel for 30 years and I wear black shirts all the time. Every time I drift off to some sort of natural shampoo or expensive quality shampoo.....flakes come back and I go back to T-Gel!
This product burns my scalp and doesnt get rid of my dandruff.Ive tried cutting down my use of this product so that I wouldnt cause irritation to my scalp but Im deciding to give up on it because I dont need to be in pain when I wash my hair for no results anyway.I have contacted the company because I am that unsatisified with this product. Its a shame because I really love nuetrogena products and this is the only time that I have had an issue with something they make.
After a couple of times of using this, my scalp psoriasis has disappeared. I will continue using occasionally just to help with that.Update - This is working! I havent had any problems since I started using it. I use it 1-2 times a week now. I forgot to mention that it stinks... It does consist of coal tar so you can expect to smell like tar. I will use this and then a fragrant shampoo after to try to lessen the smell.I also have color treated hair and it has not caused any problems with that.
This may work on dandruff but does not work on seborrhoeic dermatitis. They are different. Dandruff is a generic term and coal-tar active ingredient products like this one may work on the kind of dandruff that flakes.If you have an itchy scalp which does not shed but instead causes sores, you may have the already mentioned seborrhoeic dermatitis. The latter is caused by clogged oil glands. It often takes place if you don't shampoo frequently. That was the case with me. I shampooed only once a week because I did not want to ruin my expensive hair-color. The problem took several years to really develop before my doctor and I finally figured out what was wrong. What you need instead is a shampoo like the kind of Selsun Blue which contains selenium hydride.
I'm on accutane which has caused me to get some dandruff (I normally never have it). After freaking out and doing research, I bought this. It seems to have lessened the severity of my dandruff after just one use, but the smell is SO AWFUL! It's like I dipped my head into a freakin tank of gas! I have long hair and to try to get that smell off is  impossible. I have to put really potent anti-frizz serum in it, then spray some of my strong perfume DIRECTLY on my hair in order to TRY to mask up the smell. Even then it still stinks.If you like the smell of tar and gas, this is for you. If not, try to get the "clean scent". I haven't tried it, so I don't know if it's realyl different. Honestly, I'm thinking I'd rather have dandruff than stinky hair.
Judging by all the positive reviews I expect this stuff to work but it smells horrible. The stench is so strong to my nose. I collect colognes and so my nose is used to smell a lot of stuff and this stuff just offensive. After washing my hair and rinsing several times, I can smell this in my hair for over an hour afterwards. I don't even need to run my fingers through my hair and smell it... its just like an aura around my hair that stinks. Tried it for a couple days and I had enough.. If you don't mind the stench of tar, enjoy!I use head & shoulders instead. It works for me but is a bit damaging.
As a young woman who has lost a lot of hair due to thyroid problems, I have tried a few products with mixed success.  This product isn't even marketed towards hair loss but I gave it a try...and it actually works!  I started with the extra strength shampoo but switched to regular (less stinky, still effective).  My hair loss stopped completely and even started growing back!  The shampoo does smell awful, but it works!  I just rinse really well and use a lot of shampoo.  It leaves my hair soft, clean, and shiny.  I will definitely keep using this product!
I don't know what caused my scalp to itch, but this took care of it.  I let the shampoo soak into my scalp while I shower so it has time to work.  I was worried about the small size of the bottle, but discovered a tiny bit goes a long way so it will last a while. The smell is slightly medicinal, but it's a small price to pay for relief.  The lather is thick and rich, and my hair feels soft after using it.  It doesn't dry it out, like some shampoos.  I'm happy with the purchase and would recommend it.
Very dry skin causes me to itch. Lotion takes care of the body but conditioner on the hair or conditioner shampoo products still leave my scalp dry. Used this product and the sensation of an itch on my scalp went away by about 80%. After a week, my scalp does not itch. Using regular shampoo again brings back the itch after a few days and then I use the T-gel again. The only downside is that hair that has been colored will lose its color. The T-gel also makes the hair dry and you have to take care if your combing it damp. When the hair dries, it is very soft. My naturally curly hair is curlier after using T-gel. Not having an itchy head is worth any downside.
I was looking for something to aleive my scalp build up so that my hair will grow out again.  I tried Nioxin, and all it did was burn my scalp and make my hair feel dry and brittle.  I had tried T/Sal a long time ago without any adverse effects.  I went back to it, and I'm STILL in love with it!  No burning, itching, or other adverse effects.  (It doesn't strip my hair either!)My scalp is actually sun burnt right now and it didn't even agitate the burn when I applied it.
This product works great for me. I normally have an oily, itchy scalp with buildup, and I notice that I have no itching afer using the T/Sal for a month. I wash first with Nature's Gate Tea Tree shampoo, then wash once with T/Sal (leaving on for several minutes), then condition with Nature's Gate Tea Tree conditioner.I initially bought both the T/Sal and T/Gel, so I used the T/Gel last night, and I notice I have a little itching today. I will update my review after I've used the bottle, but I already prefer the T/Sal.Update: after using the T/Gel for a few weeks, I do not have itching, but I have a dry, flaky scalp, which I did not have before. I will gladly be switching back to T/Sal.
During the past two years I've been struggling with some scalp build up problems and I pretty much have purchased all the drugstore products I could find to solve this. After months and months of trying to find a solution I decided to give this a try even though I thought it was quite expensive and yes, it did start to get better right away. However, it wasn't as quick of a process as I wanted it to be so I decided to buy Head & Shoulders Clinical Strength and use it combined with this and this combination REALLY solved it in a matter of days. Since I've done that I haven't had any problems, my scalp is super clear and I couldn't be any more please. I never really stopped using this product and I don't plan on doing it but just keep in mind that this product by itself didn't really do too much. In terms of the smell I don't really like it, but it's nothing intolerable or disgusting.
So far my experience with T/Sal has been really good.  I alternate it with T/Gel.  Between the two it really drops the banhammer on dandruff.  I had such bad dandruff that I could not even wear a black shirt.  Now I can and will only see one or two flakes here and there.  That is pretty impressive.I've found it to be ineffective on my seborrheic dermatitis.  i need to use something else for that.  But for dandruff...awesome.
I have very dry super curly hair. I get build up on my scalp whenever i use 'regular' shampoo/conditioner. I've been using apple cider vinegar to treat this but it doesn't always work for me.  After the FIRST use, this shampoo cleared up my scalp. It's squeaky clean with no weird off-white build up! Yay!There's also no smell! I've tried head and shoulders, tar shampoo and hated the smell.This stuff is fragrance free. I love it :)Btw, haven't tried the conditioner but I use my ACV/Water spray as a conditioner after this shampoo. Works wonders, super soft curly hair with clean scalp :)
I have shoulder length thick hair, but the ends are brittle and break too easily due to consistent wear n tear from my heating tooks (hair dryer and flat iron used daily.) My stylist told me about this product but I didn't want to buy it from her because the product was marked up so much, so I went in search of it a year or two later. I found it at a local store more expensive than online, so I purchased it here.Wow o wow is my hair happy. My hair has a shine that wasn't there before, my hair seems stronger with the weekly use of the VO5 hot oil treatment and I'm having less issues with our humidity creating flyaways. My hair is noticeably softer to the touch, and easier to manage when I straighten. I'm no longer having to use the flat iron as long.Love love love this product. Buy it once, and I promise you'll want to keep buying.
I have natural tightly coiled African hair and have tried other hot oils included pure olive oil but wasn't satisfied with the result. I heard about using VO5 from natural hair forums and thought I'd give it a try. While using it in the shower I wasn't particularly impressed, but once my hair dried, I must say I was happy with the result. My very very tight coils were actually loosened quite a bit and hung down to my shoulder....with a lot of bounce. I will defiantly be using this product again.
When I am in the mood, I mix one hot oil treatment tube with an equal amount of olive oil and some Aussie three minute miracle deep conditioner. Then, I heat it just a tad in the microwave for an intensive "conditioning pack" treatment.Once you have this all on your hair, you cover it up and then you can use a blowdryer to heat up your hair to let it all absorb nicely.Or, as I recently found out, you can just go get the Frizz-Ease Smooth Start Shampoo and the Defrizzing Conditioner and you will be thanking me for telling you about it! ;)Realistically, you need both. You need the deep conditioning treatments and the daily shampoo/conditioner miracle of Frizz-Ease. Bless them.~The Rebecca Review
I have suffered from chronic consitpation my entire life. I am 65 yrs old. I have tried many different types of fiber supplements and I keep coming back to Konsyl Natural Fiber. I usually do ALL my shopping at Amazon.com because I am a prime member and the products work out to be cheaper than me going 20 miles one-way to the nearest store and then paying sales tax. However, this is the first product that is overpriced on Amazon. Walmat has this product for $13.  So I will buy there instead of here. My review should be that if you suffer from constipation, then this is a great working fiber that is almost taste free.
I'm a lady, and I bought this because I needed a quick, in-office fix to fuzzy legs. Sometimes you miss a patch. Or the whole thing...Anyway, I did a side by side comparison. One leg I shaved dry and one I used this stuff.This stuff works great, I had a much closer, smoother shave than without it. But, it made me smell like an old man. It has a very potent 'classic aftershave' smell that is just not my cup of tea, as a lady who doesn't want to smell like a great uncle, or for someone I would consider getting close enough to to smell their face.Now I understand why it says 'rinse after using'. That being said, it's still a great product, and I'd buy it again.
Williams Lectric Shave Electric Razor Pre-Shave Original, 3 fl oz, definately makes an annoying choir a little easier. I've never been a huge fan of electric razors, because I haven't found any brand that gives me as good a shave as I get from even a cheap blade. Its been my personal experience that most electric shavers leave lots of stuble and it's hard to get a clean shave under the chin and throat area. For me, it usually requires more time to get a clean shave with an electric razor than is required when using a disposable razor. Williams Lectric Shave allows me to get a smoother shave when using an electric, but its smell, while not offensive, is almost overpowering.Please rate this review if you found it helpful.
Williams Lectirc Shave is a great product that has served men's electric shaving needs for several decades!  BUT DON'T buy it here!  WHY?  I didn't pay close enough attention to the prices vs weight and when it arrived I was really angry!  This is the 3 ounce travel bottle that you can sometimes find in you local drug store for about $2.50, NOT $5.62!!!  For $5.48 - $5.85 you can buy the 7 ounce bottle at every drugstore in your town or on line at CVS.com or Drugstore.com or any other online national drug store chain.  DON'T GET RIPPED OFF BY THIS SELLER!!  YOU ARE PAYING TOO MUCH FOR WHAT YOU GET! THE PRICE SHOULD BE FOR THE 7 OUNCE BOTTLE AND NOT THE 3 OUNCE BOTTLE.  RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!!!
I purchased this after researching what would best help/prevent my flaky, dry skin.  The extra gentle Buf-Puf is great for every day cleansing.  I use a dab of cleanser, wet the puff and make little circles over my skin.  It is just enough exfoliation to get the dead cells off, but not so much that it irritates my sensitive skin.  I follow up with my skin care regimen (serum, toner, moisturizer) and this little puff has helped make a world of difference.Being the first time that I have used one of these, I am not sure how long they "normally" last, but I have gotten a good two and weeks of daily use out of mine, before noticing that it was beginning to lose it's structure a bit.
The regular version of these Pufs is way too rough, can't imagine using them on anything but elbows and heels. This extra gentle version is better for facial skin, exfoliates nicely. I use it with Neutrogena Facial Bar, rinse it well, and air dry it on end on a soap tray between uses. It does begin to pill slightly after a couple  months but lasts a good long time as long as you carefully rinse it and prop it up to dry out. This is the most cost effective exfoliating treatment available. Too bad its only available online.
I remember these from my teen age years, marriage, raising my children and then they disappeared. The other day I was watching a program(Mirror, Mirror) where they featured top models and their beauty regimen. To my excited surprised I see one model using a Buf Puf. I ran to Google and found them being sold on Amazon and some other retail stores. Amazon was the least expensive and I purchased 6.How wonderful to feel that strong clean feeling when using the puff. It is better than any blemish control scrub on the market and leaves no grainy residue.. I could feel those dead skin cells sloughing off and after only one use my skin felt cleaner than after  any clay.mask I have removed. Needless to say I am thrilled and recommend them to anyone even with sensitive skin like i have.This is a facial in a sponge.
I know a lot of persons have commented on how great these Buf-puf sponges are, but I had to add my own praise.  I had previously tried the regular and found that they were a bit too harsh for my skin (I have both eczema and acne, so my face tended to get extremely sensitive even when I was gentle with the puff).  The gentle is perfect and  I'm happy I bought the 6-pack too.We're currently renovating at home and it feels so nice after dusting, sweeping and mopping every evening to be able to just put a little Cetaphil cleanser on it and just buff off all the dirt....no other scrub product required...I also use the body buf-puf for showering and can't help but feel nice and clean afterwards.A great little product!
This is another product I've used for years to keep my face clean. I'm almost 70 and people say I look 20 years younger so keeping the facial skin free of oil and dirt must have some merit. Buf-Puf are a bit hard to find but luckily we have Amazon. Gave one to my granddaughter to help her avoid Acne and show her how to avoid oil and bacteria caused pimples. Buf-Puf Gentle has a little scrubbing action which helps to remove dead skin and keep the skin glowing. Recommended highly for daily use.
I had this item in my wish list forever and I'm so glad I finally bought it.I use the buff puff with a good facial cleaner in the shower and wow - it exfoliates more effectively that anything else I've tried, and I've tried it all. I really feel like my serums and moisturizers are able to penetrate after using the buff puff instead of sitting on top of my skin. For the first few uses, I suggest using a very light hand, as it can be a little harsh.
I have been using these for years (since I read Bo Derek stating in a post "10" interview that she used them to keep her skin smooth :-)).  As my skin has aged, I have switched from the regular to the gentle version.I have sensitive skin that doesn't like harsh chemicals.  Using these allows me to slough off the older layers as well or better than expensive exfoliants.  They helped control acne and now remove the old skin that keeps me from having the "healthy glow" that the commercials for costly creams promise.  It has been difficult to find these locally as the shelf space gets taken by new, expensive options, so I am really glad to find them on Amazon.Inexpensive, re-usable, no chemical reactions or worries about getting something in your eye. Perfect.
It saddens me to write this review because I've been using Buf Puf since I was about 12. I always attributed my youthful appearance to daily exfoliation with the Buf Puf, but now I think my cystic acne in my 30's and 40's was certainly exacerbated if not caused by the Buf Puf. I discontinued use of this product and switched to a skin care line called Glytone (buy at Dermstore.com) and haven't had a breakout in over 2 months. Unfortunately I'm convinced the harsh exfoliation causes skin to rebel and break out. I won't use again.
I started using these little scrubbers some 20 years ago.  I still use them.  I have had to use store brand imitations for a number of years however because they are so impossible to find.  Then about six months ago, I finally saw one in my local store.  I couldn't believe the difference!  Still as powerful in cleaning but not as harshly abrasive.  I get compliments on my skin all the time. I always tell people that its because of Buf-Puf.It doesn't matter what your age... It is never to late to start exfoliating!
I have been using these facial sponges since I was in my 20's, so about 30 years!  Lately they have been harder to find.  In the past I used them every day when I washed my face.  Now I use them twice a week.  They are especially useful on the days I have used sunscreen to help remove the gunk.  They last very well and I usually use one pad for about 6 months or so if I only use them on my face.  Also use them on my arms and legs before the use of artificial tanning products to exfoliate my skin, they are awesome for that!  Be sure to use them gently as they could irritate your skin if you were to enthusiastic .
I used this when I was a teenager to keep my skin clear. I never really had very bad acne, just a few bumps here and there. This really helped keep it under control. Luckily when I reached my early twenties my breakouts became only bothersome once monthly.I used this with the Morning Burst products and the Blackhead Clearing products from Clean & Clear. I mostly used this at night and used the Morning Burst with spf moisturizer in the daytime.When using this, my skin was squeaky clean and I was constantly getting compliments. Now that I'm older, this is too harsh for me. I switched to Olay once acne was no longer a daily concern.
I really like that this stuff is mild and gentle, but also totally cleans off any makeup that I'm wearing, even waterproof mascara. I love the scent, very fresh and clean, and the texture is nice too. It washes off very easily and doesn't cause any problems to my skin. I have a problem with acne, and haven't noticed any improvement on it because of this product, but it definitely doesn't make it worse and really makes me feel fresh after I've used it.This is now my favorite nighttime cleanser because it's gentle, yet does an amazing job of getting my face clean and makeup-free at the end of the day. I love it for that reason, and will keep using it.
For some reason or another I have problem skin. I used to use proactiv solution but my skin is way too sensitive for it. Then I used a litany of brand-name facial cleansing lines--but they were too expensive to maintain. I tried Stridex for a while but it just seemed to take my skin off. Nowadays I have stumbled upon the simplest solution (astringent). I wear lots of makeup throughout the day and if I don't remove all of it I tend to break out. I clean my face once a night with astringent, I put a little bit of lotion under my eyes and on any super dry areas, and then go to bed. Astringent, Lotion, Repeat.
I bought this over a week ago at target for my combination skin. I break out quite easily on my forehead, and have a few blackheads on my nose. After using once a day, my forehead, chin and cheeks have broken out. And I never break out on my cheeks. On the plus side, my forehead is no longer an oil slick...I understand that products have to clear out the dirt and oil first, but if this doesn't improve in one week, this is going in the trash.3/24Most of the breakouts cleared up with continued use one week after my first review. However, my skin is a bit flaky around my nose. A bit ironic for a moisturizer if you ask me.
As the title says, it broke me out really bad. I finally had figured out what worked for my skin and had a semi clear face with a pimple or two here and there (that time of the month, stress) but I needed just a bit more of moisture so I decided to try this moisturizer--BIG mistake. I usually brake out on my chin/jaw and in between my eyebrows/forehead so when I woke up the next day I had so many little white in those exact spots. I cannot tell you how upset I was and how itchy my face was. I hate this product and would not recommend this to somebody who has acne-prone, sensitive, oily skin.I only gave it a star because I could not give it zero stars!
I love that this cleanser smells nice and it works very well, just like Paula Begoun writes in her review of this product. It removes the most stubborn mascara I have ever owned (it's hard to wash off). I don't even have to use eye makeup remover afterwards! My skin sort of normal but it can get dry. So after I wash my face with this cleanser, my face feels a bit dry and I have to put some moisturizer on.....with Biore that I wrote review for before I didn't have to do that but Biore doesn't wash off my silly mascara very well :) choices choices. I think if you have skin on the oily side, this may work very well for you.Other than being a bit drying, it also takes a lot if this stuff to work. With some cleansers it takes 1 pump.....it takes 3-4 of this. Doesn't foam easily. I don't think I'd get this one again yet I'd give it 4 stars still.
I am a male and I have adult acne.  The acne meds dry out my skin.  I needed a moisturizer that wouldn't make my acne worse, and preferably, would help prevent acne.  This product fits the bill.  It is light, cooling, and doesn't clog my pores.  It's gentle enough that I can put it on my face right after shaving, and it doesn't sting or burn.  (It actually works really well as an after-shave conditioner; seems to help prevent red bumps and ingrown hairs!)  The only way this product could be better would be if they added sun protection to it.  I hope someday they make a version of this with SPF 15; if they do, I will give it 5 stars.
Between this Neutrogena Spot Treatment and Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum, there is no contest! The Oxy works and the Neutrogena does not, pure and simple. I have only the occasional pimple these days, but want a treatment that quickly dries up the oil  and inflammation. The Oxy costs more but is worth the price, the Neutrogena does nothing (as far as I can tell) as a spot treatment. A better medicine will prevent scarring and disfiguring marks on your face! Early application of effective medicine can stop an emerging blemish before it becomes much worse. The Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum did a far better job for me.
I purchased this product after in was recommend as a disinfectant in the book Don't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me. I had been becoming extremely frustrated with my oily skin and frequent breakouts, so I was ready to try something new. For the past 1 1/2 months, I have been religiously using this product in the morning and Clear Pore Nighttime Clarifying Gel (a BHA product) prior to bed. While I haven't seen miraculous results, I have had a reduction in breakouts, and my skin texture seems to be slowly improving. In addition, I am no longer getting the dry, flaky patches which I was getting with other products. However, my skin is still oily, and I do still experience the occasional breakout. While this product certainly might provide you with some benefits over time, keep in mind that you will not see immediate results:  despite the claims, there is NO product available which can get rid of existing blemishes.
I can't believe that I find an acne cream that actually works!! I don't even remember how many creams, lotions etc.  I tried over the years until now for adult acne. This is the first time I really see some result and I even don't use it regularly. If you put it on at night you'll see the effect the next morning. Even if the blemishes don't completely go away the next day, they reduce down in size. It helps with the redness and the pain. I have a very sensitive skin and this doesn't dry out my skin. The only minor issue is that I don't think it is completely vanishing. Some white residue still stays but it is manageable. Overall very gentle yet powerful cream. Definitely recommended.
I recently started breaking out on my cheeks and jawline which was never a problem area when I was in my teens. This works if you use it just like the directions say: on clean skin, once a day initially then increase to several times daily. On day two I use it like every 2 hours.It makes the pimple or, in my case, underground monster, less visible and less irritating. It gets rid of any pain or soreness that makes me want to pick and pop. After day two it completely disappears.Honestly, the best thing about this product is that it makes me keep my hands OFF my face which is likely why I break out in the first place. Oh, and I started changing my pillow case every night.
I like this product and have returned to using it when the drugstore is out of my usual on-the-spot treatment. I use this product only at night - when the cream dries, it does leave a little flaky residue - for this reason, I would recommend using it only at night or other times when you aren't going to be out in public. It can dry out your skin a little. In the morning, I have noticed that my blemishes are much less noticable, though there are better on-the-spot treatments out there that do jsut as good of a job reducing blemishes and aren't quite as drying.
I used to have pretty bad acne, but thankfully it cleared up! I do sometimes get the occasional pimple..yippee. Lucky me, I got a big one right in the middle of my cheek right before vacation. I bought this on a whim and thought I'd try it on my bad timing zit. I washed my face like normal twice a day and covered the pimple with this. After a day, it was gone! It wasn't red and puffy anymore, and with a little make-up was nonexistant!I don't think you should slather this all over you face though, it does really dry out your skin and leaves it feeling kind of stiff and like you have dry soap on it... but overall, I think it's great!
The only bad thing about Neutrogena On The Spot Acne Treatment is that I didn't have it when I was a teenager, suffering from the worst acne ever!  I've had acne for years and have used harsh abrasive cleaners, creams that dried my skin out, creams that irritated, and creams that did nothing at all.  When I turned 25 I imagined my skin would clear up, but it never did.  Then came 30, 33, 36...and the acne was still there, not as bad, certainly, but still an issue.  Then I found this, and my life changed!  This product WORKS...and I won't be without it.  As I said, the only thing that could make it better is if I had it with me the week before the PROM!If your teenager suffers from acne, they just don't need to.  Give this a try, and I think you will see results fairly quickly.  It works for me just about overnight!Thank you Neutrogena!
These recent reviews are correct.I never tried the past formula but this one is no good.I didn't care for it the first couple times I tried it, but I had to give this another shot because my usual moisturizer ran out.  I was slow in picking that one up because it's $15 (pretty pricey but oh so worth it).  I should have just broke the bank because this stuff broke my face.I was wondering why I was breaking out more than usual.  I typically break out along my lower cheeks, but it was spreading to my temples and forehead.I just bought my usual moisturizer yesterday, and I already see an improvement overnight.  It's gonna take a couple weeks to get rid of the mess this caused, I'm sure.Seriously, try to look for a more natural product.  Don't waste your time & money on this.On a good note for Purpose, I do use their gentle cleansing wash which is A-OK!
I have been using Purpose products ever since I was a teen.  I used to have acne and dry skin and needed a product that I could use to moisturize my face.  Because my face is sensitive I would always break out but when the dermotologist recommended this product I was elated and am still using it to this day.  It does what it needs to do to keep my face moisturized and looking young.  I am 55 now and still have smooth beautiful skin.  I recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin.
My skin is pretty resilient and not easily irritated, with that being said I started with one a day but quickly moved up to two. I use this between my CeraVe foaming cleanser and my CeraVe moisturizer and they've been working very well so far. They are pretty cheap and this order came with three boxes, but if you want the most bang for your buck you can cut these pads in half. I generally don't use the entire pad so half is perfect and now you have 540 uses for ~$11.
These wipes are a great find. As many have mentioned, they are not easy to find in stores and you cannot beat the price on Amazon. I use them as an adult, just recently, for nights. I am too lazy to wash my face and these wipes have been a great help in clearing up my dull skin. I find they are gentl and non-drying. They have a light, pleasant smell to them as well. My only wish is that they come in a subscribe and save option.
Cetaphil Antibacterial Gentle Cleansing Bar is indeed the optimum choice for my problem skin.This pH balance non-soap cleansing bar is a super gentle all over body wash. I even use it on my face in lieu of shaving cream - it's that soothing!  The antibacterial ingredient - triclosan, also helps protect my freshly shaved face.CONS:This stuff's priceyCetaphil Antibacterial Cleansing Bar is very soft and it melts away quickly once it's under the shower stream.TIP: To reduce wastage of this pricey cleansing bar, don't lather up under the shower, lather up your washcloth instead and store your Cetaphil Cleansing Bar away from the shower (I keep mine in a covered soap dish).Shop around on Amazon ... this product offers a few buying choices.Hope my review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)
Nothing else works especally if you have hormonal acne from high testoterone but this stuff is AMAZING. It's super hard to find, harmon drug has it but other than that you gotta buy it online but it works well. The key is to use a diffrent wash cloth for your acne area then the rest of your body so you dont spread the germs and oils that make acne worse, then ONLY twice a week or so use those scrub gloves (VERY GENTLY) to exfolitae the areas. If you rub too hard it can cause more acne. But this stuff works well on backacne so far.
As someone who has battled acne in the past and still gets occasional breakouts, I learned over time that the beauty companies will keep coming out with their new facial cleaners that are supposed to do some new thing that all the other previous facial cleansers didn't do. The cleansers that were advertised as for acne always made my acne worse, especially if they had salicylic acid. This is a basic facial cleanser that does everything you need. Personally I don't want to wash my face every single day with a cleanser full of chemicals. The 6 ounce bar of this is a great value and lasts a long time. The only thing to be careful about with this bar is that it can be a little drying. Make sure you don't use too much, and I always use a moisturizer. I use once a day before bed.
To begin with when I opened the Gel I was surprised it had no scent. However, it made up for that with the amount of hold it had for taming unruly curls and my edges. Also, the gel does not leave any residue or buildup and can be used quite often. It doesnt have any unhealthy ingredients such as alcohol which can make the hair have a crunchy feel instead of a soft supple feel. I would probably suggest this for people who have a unruly curls or edges. Just dab a tiny bit between your hands rub where is needed and voila your hair will come out great. An added bonus is Aloe vera has healing properties for the scalp and is extremely healthy. Lastly if doing a twistout or bantu knots I would recommend this.
I have been very pleased with my purchase of Alpha Hydrox AHA Enhanced Creme, Anti-Wrinkle Exfoliant.  I use it along with a moisturizer each night.  It tingles at times, but not to any extreme.  It is not greasy or too heavy, but seems to last on my skin throughout the night.  Happily, there is a notable difference in my skin!  I see fewer lines and my face is soft and much smoother.  For the price, it is a bargain that lasts far longer than expensive products of a similar nature.  I have found a product in Alpha Hydrox AHA Enhanced Creme, Anti-Wrinkle Exfoliant that I will purchase again and again.
I've definitely noticed a difference after using this product - especially right out of show or after exfoliating. I have been using this product for about 2 months now, and have noticed more of a &#34;glow&#34; to my skin, and a reduction of fine lines. It does burn/sting when you first put it on, I have sensitive skin and definitely felt the prickles the first time I have used this - nothing intense or painful, but you should be aware.Value - I have found a very small amount of this cream goes  a LONG way, which is nice. A lot of small cream containers seem to empty so quickly, so it's great that this product has a silky glide that seems to cover your entire face in no time. One caution is to make sure to use sun screen with this product as it can make your skin more susceptible to the sun.
Alpha Hydrox might as well close it's doors.  I don't know what happened because twenty years ago they had amazing products for a cheap price.  Now they cost twice what they did then, understandable with inflation, but don't work worth a darn.  Yet another epic fail.  I am so disappointed in this product line.  I purchased several different products a few months ago and after finishing the bottles am still convinced they are absolute garbage.  They do not do what they claim but if you just want a lotion...here you go.  They are just like any other plain old lotion.
I am 45 and this stuff works.  I have used a lot of different products since my teens.  I have NEVER been disappointed with Alpha products.  Simply they work.  Alpha product lines tend to fly low in an already over stimulated market of commercials and new product wonders that appear in constantly in an ever changing money making industry devoted to our own vanity (present company included).  But these products work!  I can testify to that.  The best thing is they are high in concentrate and low in price that is an A+++ in my book.
I usually read ingredient lists carefully, but I guess the name fulled me and I thought this product had some AHA's.  After using it for a while and not seeing or feeling any difference (AHA's should sting a bit) I checked and sure enough, despite the name, no AHAs.  I wanted a product with AHAs and think the company's name is deceiving on such a product.  I thought they only sold products with AHAs.  Perhaps they aren't doing this intentionally, but it is confusing and I wanted to let everyone know in case you were fooled too.
I bought this instead of the moisturizer by mistake, and thought I'd give it a try.It works better than most other cleansers I've tried for my more mature, slightly acne prone, sensitive skin. It's gentle, but effective and my skin feels really smooth and great after I use it. I've noticed that it seems to make the Alpha Hydrox Moisturizer more effective. Definitely a plus. The size of the container is ample, and I use about a quarter's worth for my whole face and decolletage, so it will go a long way.
I've been using Neutrogena Fresh Foaming Cleanser and Peter Thomas Roth Anti-Aging Cleansing Gel with good success for the last year.  I decided to try Alpha Hydrox Foaming Face Wash based on good reviews (see beautypedia dot com) and a sale price.The first time I washed I used way too much and took awhile to wash it all off.  After that I switched to pea-sized squirts and it foams up and cleans great.  My skin is dry to normal and I haven't had any of the problems reported by the low reviews.I'll continue to alternate the three products.
I wanted a good face wash that doesn't sting my eyes and leave them bright red with irritation.  I read another reviewers comments that this face wash was non irritating to your eyes & decided to give it a try. It does the job and doesn't irritate my eyes unless I intentionally open them while I'm washing my face. Stupid, I know, but I kind of wanted to see if it would burn? So here's the report: not too much. It did burn but not nearly as much as some others I've tried AND it washed out instantly & didn't leave my eyes scarlet with irritation.My personal favorite face wash is by Philosophy - but that's a huge bottle and really pricey. This is a great size, doesn't take up too much real estate on my bathroom counter & does the job.  I'll definitely order again.
Got a very bad rush from it. I might have very sensitive skin.Used it two days and I started noticing my face was itching and a small swelling near my cheeks. I thought it was something I ate or just a bad day.I continued using face wash for 3 days and rash wouldn't go away. I stopped using it and notice rash disappeared. This is just my experience.I was worried that since is a care product I wouldn't be able to return it and that I was stuck with the face wash but Thanks to the great customer service of Amazon I was able to get a refund and dispose of the face wash.
I purchased this product because I was so impressed with the Alpha Hydroxy Face Lotion, as it leaves my skin bright and clear and I have minimal break outs, so I figured the facial wash would do the same.. So I stopped using my normal face wash and I used this product instead for about a month and I noticed more irritation if anything... It wasn't really stopping my breakouts just leaving my skin red with more bumps than normal. I thought using the both in conjunction would just work best but I'm starting to think my skin is too sensitive and cannot take too much of the same thing? I am not quite sure... but I'm going back to my old facial wash and sticking to the alpha hydroxy face lotion. Another thing is that facial washes really do not exfoliate your skin.. They just tone it.. and I think I need more exfoliation or I wish they had exfoliation beads in this product.. Maybe it would've worked better? Idk..
I've been using this face wash on and off for YEARS!I just saw this at Ulta for around $6 so I will use this until they stop selling it.I started using Alpha Hydrox about 8 years ago. I had bad acne from using the pill and was on ProActive.This cleanser worked just as well and it wasn't $40!My skin was so soft and seriously, after one day of use my skin cleared up.I'm so happy I found this again. They've stopped selling this at most drug stores.I have dry skin during the winter and super oily during the summer. This is great cleanser during the summer months.It's a bit drying on my skin during the winter so I use Aveda moisturizer after.Btw,If you love Aveda cleansing gel, you might like this.
I have suspicions that this  may be a counterfeit.  I purchased this because it was rated so high.  After washing and drying my face, my face starts to burn.  I then have to rush and put moisturizer on my face as quick as possible to avoid/eliminate the burning.  I have also noticed some dry patches on my face since beginning to use this.  Finally, my face burns during the day if I happened to sweat outside.All three of these experiences are new to me.  I have never experienced any of these things with any other cleanser.
I bought this to help get rid of the keratosis pilaris on my upper arms and legs. The lotion did not help smooth out the little bumps and I found something better instead. Since I still had the whole bottle, I decided to use this as my night time moisturizer. I'm in my 20's so I have minimal wrinkles so I can't attest to how well it helps with those. My skin does feel tighter after using this though. Sometimes I use another moisturizer alongside this one because it can be drying. I wouldn't use it by itself if your skin is on the dry side. My skin has been smoother since I've been using this moisturizer and I haven't had a breakout in a while. I'm not 100% behind this product, but I think it is doing what it is supposed to for my face.
I don't think my skin is overly sensitive or anything but this product caused my neck to start burning and itching, I had to wash the product off of my neck immediately.It also caused my face to break out, I gave it a few tries to see if my skin just needed to get used to it but my skin was not happy.For me this was a waste of money. It also has this chemical smell that even my fiance noticed after I put it on.I would not recommend this.
I had done a lot of reading on treating cellulite and stretch marks and found a recommendation to try glycolic acid and AHA. I did a search on Amazon and stumbled upon the Alpha Hydrox which had some good reviews so I decided to give it a try.I've been using it for about a week now, twice a day and I am actually seeing a reduction in the appearance of cellulite! I've been using on my hips/thighs/booty in conjunction with zone-specific exercises (which in the past by itself hasn't produced results like these). I was never overweight or large, so there was never a lot of cellulite, but enough to make me self-conscious in a swimsuit.I would say that the appearance of stretch marks is still the same, but for the price of the bottle this is definitely worth it for combating cellulite!
I've only used this lotion on my neck where there were some tiny brown skin tags. They had been there for a very long time and I didn't know what to do to get rid of them. I wasn't sure what this lotion would do but wanted to give it a shot. I applied it on my neck every night. After 1 week I noticed the skin tags had noticeably flatten. I continued to use it for another 2 weeks, and 60-70% of the skin tags were gone. However, whatever left on my skin seem to be stubborn. They don't react to the lotion anymore. I lost my patience and eventually stopped using the lotion. I am switching to ROC retinol serum and will see if it'll clear all the skin tags. I plan to use the remainder of the AHA lotion on my face. Hopefully it'll help to reduce my large pore size and acne.
I'm ordering this for the 3rd time. I've used it for about a year and it really helps. I'm 56, a natural redhead, with deep wrinkles and age spots on my face. It has softend the depth of a lot of my wrinkles, and faded my darkest age spots.They're not gone completely, but definitely less noticeable. My skin tone is much more even. I use it morning and night. My skin is very sensitive and every other AHA lotion I've used has caused breakouts. I get none with this stuff. My skin is very dry however and after letting this absorb for 5-10 minutes, I use Cetaphil moisturizer... cream at night and the lighter Cetaphil lotion in the morning. Very happy with this product, which is 1/2 the price of drug store stuff and 1/4 the price of department store stuff with all it's fancy advertising.
Let me start my "story" by saying I"m a black woman, age 47 and have always had great skin. . most people think I"m 35. So I decided to "invest" in my skin now that I"m getting older by trying a product that helps preserve your youthful looks.  I read all the reviews on this before I ordered it as I do with most things I order from Amazon, and was overall impressed.  So, when this arrived I couldn't wait to try it to see if I noticed any difference.  Within a week I did but not before my skin had it's little reaction to it.  Yes it stung, yes I had a few little bumps pop up, couple red blotches, . .perhaps it was some "junk" working its way out -- because after that my skin looked more even, more radiant, little lines were less noticeable. . I really like this and will be sticking with it.
I received this last night and washed first with a mild soap then a Glytone Body wash with a loofah.  After, I applied this and when I woke up this morning, I noticed a change in my skin already.  *I have KP (Keratosis Pilaris) on my back and small areas of my thighs* Don't expect a miracle overnight, but expect to notice a change in the way your skin feels instantly.  You don't need to apply much of this product.  A small, less than a dime sized amount, is more than enough to work with.  On the box it says that if application does not dry within a minute or less, you've used too much.  It's true.  I think this is a steal for the price and the thickness of this product.  I look forward to more results after a week, two weeks, a month, etc. and will be back for a second review.  7/24/13
If you want to live your life like a vampire...this is the right product for you! Why? Well, I found out the hard way, Glycolic Acid increases your skins sensitivity to the sun. A warning was issued on the lable, but silly me didn't think it would be that big of a deal. I burnt horribly the next day from 20 min. of sun exposure! YIKES! Not worth it.It does, however, improve the look of the skin, the price is great, and there is no fragrance(YAY). BUT, like most beauty products, it has dimethicone, which is an acne irritant. If you have horrible acne like me, dimethicone is TERRIBLE for you! Find something with out it! If you don't, than this might work nicely for you. Dimethicone is bad no matter what, but it wont hurt your skin appearance if you have no acne.
This product didn't say whether it could or could not be used on the face, however, I chose to use it on the face because the active ingredient was Glycolic-AHA. It broke me out on the forehead and scattered acne on my cheeks and jawline. I recommend acne.org's AHA lotion. I've been using ACNE.ORG's skin line for a year and they have an AHA lotion along with acne care and it works amazingly. I actually had to go back to it and it cleared my acne up again.
I was really excited to try this because of the wonderful reviews.  I put it on right before going to bed. The 1st through 4th days were wonderful. It did exactly like it promised. My face looked much brighter and clear.  However on day 5, I woke up with red itchy pimples all over my face and neck.  After a series of expensive test and research, my derm said it was contact dermatitis from using this product. She said that it had the preservative Diazolidinyl Urea in it.  She went on say that a lot of companies are moving away from this preservative because it causes problems with a lot of people. Keep in mind, I do not have sensitive skin. That being said, if they would discontinue using DIAZOLIDINYL UREA in their product, I would definately try it again.
As a retired hairdresser I have some training in skin care and the Alpha Hydrox line is effective and modestly priced. It works better than the designer products at triple the price. Don't waste your time or money on any product with less than 8% glycolic acid, and don't be suckered into buying brands that promise more than 14%. The FDA mandates no more than 14%, and those products that claim higher concentrations are "fudging" their formulations. One thing to remember? When you try a new product give it 6 weeks of use before deciding whether or not it works for you. It takes 6 weeks for skin cells to go through their "life" cycle. It's only after a full cycle that you will see full and true results. I love this whole line of skin care and have been using it for several years. I just turned 50, and people are constantly asking what skin care products I use. You simply cannot beat the Alpha Hydrox line for effectivness and cost!
This product seems to be making my fine lines fade. I only use it around my eyes and sometimes my forehead on the horizontal creases. I have used it almost nightly for about a month, and even though my sleeping has been less than desirable, my fine lines are definetly minimized. I am using this as a preventive measure (I am only 24 years old) so not sure how it would work on more mature skin. My one criticism is that it also seems to dry my face out slightly. This product is very potent with Alpha Hydroxy Acids(10%) which can cause irritation, photo-sensitivity and flaking. Research has shown that AHA can reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, but there is little evidence to suggest long-term efficacy.
I recently purchased this from a local store, I have to admit I only bought it because it was reduced price.  But I have be using it twice a day for two weeks and the difference in my skin is very apparent.  I am a black 46 yr. old, since using this my skin glows, my cheeks are naturally rosy, my skin tone is evening out and my pores look better.  And my skin is so soft like a baby's.  I will be definitely be using this for quite some time, and the amount you get 6oz. is quite a lot of product.  In addition to my face and neck, I have be using it on hands and they are smoother and less wrinkled.  I wish I could bath in this stuff.  I would highly recommend it and there was little to no smell from the product.
I don't know what it is about AHA products but they all make me break out insanely. I thought maybe it was just the face wash so I tried the lotion because of all the amazing reviews but it was horrible. First, it doesn't blend well into the skin. Within two days of using it I have acne all over my face, blackheads and huge cysts. I definitely wouldn't recommend this to anyone who has acne. There are waaayy better products, like Bliss No Zit Sherlock.Edit: I had 2 people say this review was "unhelpful" so maybe I should clarify. I DO NOT have sensitive skin at all, I've never had a rash or any type of allergic reaction to a face product before. Maybe this is an allergic reaction, there's a first time for everything! Personally, I just think this product is not good for people who have acne, but it could just be me.
I bought this to try because it seemed to have some good active ingredients at a fair price. Alas, as I already know, you get what you pay for. First, the smell is pretty off putting, but that's not the deal breaker for me. What I really dislike is the watery texture and how it seems to just sit on my skin in white streaks that don't seem to absorb so much as dry on the face. This just feels icky yo use before bed and it's definitely not right for under makeup. Once it finally dries, it does sort of tighten the skin, but leaves it feeling sort of tuggy, not soft and smooth.I am generously giving this 2 stars because at least it doesn't seem to cause any adverse reactions.
So i was a bit skeptical about this product at first. I tried it for a whole week and let me tell you-brighten skin tone-acne going away-old acne scars fading-new acne scars fading-softnes-smoothnessI just dont really like the smell. I did a patch test as they said. It burns on acne marks alil but no harm just working.How I use it before I go to bed i apply a peas size that all. I even started using it for my toes knuckles they have gotten hard from last summer.. and its helping!!
so i've been using this product for around 5+ months. it stung a lot in the beginning and became a little better once I started using it regularly. the cream isn't very moisturizing and to me doesn't have a velvet-ey texture that some of my other moisturizers have.i guess it did seem to work but only after a few months. my skin's texture feels somewhat softer but i'm not sure if it's entirely because of this. in the past couple of months i've improved my diet and also incorporated gym trips.i recently switched my cleansers from the PINK loreal 360 to the apricot scrub also by Loreal 360 and since the scrub dries out my face, i used this and it STUNG SO MUCH. i don't have sensitive skin and i have normal/dry skini have a little product left but i am not repurchasing and i'm switching to st. ivers elastic collagen? cream.
I have been having acne issues since i was 13 and im now 23. Nothing ever seem to work for the acne scar. I am usually skeptical about people reviews but I heard that AHA could help and i gave it a try. My goodness! Its only been 2 weeks and i am already seeing great improvements in the texture, tone and the overall health of my face. The price is just right and the quantity is definitely worth the bang for your buck. Don't be scared when you get a burning sensation, thats normal and proof that it is working. Out of all the products i have used to treat my acne marks, this is by far the best and the price is a bonus! This will have your skin looking so young, fresh and alive. You will glow! Im so happy and slowly regaining confidence. i can't wait to see future results.
I was very skeptical about buying this because I have tried just about everything out there on my skin. I haven't had any noticable results until now. I use this with Alpha Hydrox facewash. My skin has never looked better! After the first week I noticed amazing results. I have oily acne prone skin, but the combination of the two products has made a huge difference in my life. My complection has never looked better. I finally feel comfortable going without my make up, which I haven't done that since I was 13, pathetic huh?  I reccommend this to EVERYONE! It's worth every penny! I started noticing fine lines in my forehead so I wanted to find a anti-wrinkle cream to help with all my skin issues,uneven skin tone, breakouts, oily skin, etc.After a 2 weeks of this wah la! PERFECTION!!!!
This lotion in okay, not greasy, not very moisturising either.I bought it after reading the benefits of including glycolic acid in my skin care regimen, it was intended for my face. I have not used it for that long on my face, as I use Tretinoin most evenings. When I did use it, it was somewhat sticky, stung a bit, and I did not notice much in terms of effect or benefit from it. I did not break out, but it did not help with the acne and other sundry bumps on my face.However, I had these small bumps, in the fold behind my knees. I read on Amazon that this lotion could help, and indeed it has, within about 5 days the area has been completely cleared of the bumps.I will continue to use it all over my body, and face, whenever I am taking a break from Tretinoin.
I'm nearly 25 and still get moderate breakouts. The worst part are the red marks that hang around for weeks even after the blemish is gone. This product is not only keeping my skin clearer, thus avoiding more red marks, it's also fading the red marks that were already there. My face hasn't been this clear in a long, long time. I use it once in the morning and once at night. It goes on nice and light under makeup - I can't even tell it's there. I ordered one for my sister after having such great success with it myself.
I'm 48 and Mom is 75 yrs old and ANY moisturizer gives us immediate acne.  I'm glad I found this again, the AH souffle is a tad oily.  The no-oil formula is a godsend, no more breakouts.  The product exfoliates according to how much and how often you use it (overuse will get you a red face).  It provides a gentle peel effect that starts working quickly drying up oil and acne.  I like the rate of peel; no scaly face. In 2-3 months I had smoother skin, slightly smaller pores, and better skin tone.  Using Alpha Hydroxy I have received the first EVER complements on my skin. I have very few wrinkles for my age.  I'm not saying I look 30, but I look good.  Mom's a recent convert, her skin has smoothed and she has noticed a difference.
I bought this product based on the rave reviews about using it as a treatment for acne. I currently have a strict regimen I stick to every morning and every night that is the only thing that works for me. I added the Alpha in and have seen no significant difference. It's on par with using 2% salicylic acid, which doesn't do much. I won't be repurchasing this as I don't feel it's worth the money.My products:Morning- 15% Benzoyl Peroxide face wash, 1% clindamycin lotion (prescription)Afternoon - 1% Clindamycin lotionNight - 10% Benzoyl peroxide creamI tried using this in the morning before applying my clindamycin lotion and then again in the afternoon after washing my make up off. It's better than using nothing but barely.
I am using this in tandem (switching nights) with other products that provide chemical exfoliation for my horrible skin, so it is hard for me to speak about its effectiveness specifically. That said, I do know that I have had no problems with this product. I was concerned that it would irritate my skin, as I am certainly prone to irritation and redness,  but I have had no such issues at all. It seems to be the gentlest of the products that I use. My skin is looking (relatively) fantastic lately, and this probably has something to do with it!
Highly recommend for oily skin. Could be a little drying for other skin types, though. I have had excellent results with this product, and I have tried EVERYTHING, both over the counter and prescription. I find this works best during my "downtime" from Renova--I take 3-6 months off after an 18-month stretch to give my skin a break. During the down time I use ROC at night and this in the morning. It mimics the dermatologist-prescribed routine I am normally on, just gentler. Be sure to wear at least SPF 15 when using this product!
This is heavier than the lotions so I normally use it on my arms and legs, and a dab on my face at night with the lotion. It's fragrance free, doesn't break me out and helps with winter itching. I recommend for sensitive skin types like mine, because cold weather makes my life miserable. Always has. Dry skin, rough hair and five months of no light. At least there's a lotion line out there that cures one of those issues. Could the makers of cetaphil please destroy winter as we know it? I'd really appreciate it, if this global warming deal doesn't work out...thanks. Oh by the way, I think they changed the formula because it's easier to spread.
Love Cetaphil!  Used to spend big bucks on those fancy dancy products at the dept. store.  Tried this at the recommendation of a dermatologist who told me all that I really wanted was a good moisturizer....that a prescription would be needed by those companies if they lived up to their claims.....I've been using Cetaphil ever since....also the cleanser.You just can't go wrong.  It's  non -greasy, keeps your skin moist all day....and before you go to bed, after washing your face, all night!  It can be used all over your body actually:  those elbows!I get told all the time that I look much younger than I am, and also that my skin is beautiful....well, I dunno about all that, but any help I get is because of Cetaphil.  I also like bare minerals radiance (slight shimmer) and Nars for some of their liquids (blushes) that I put on to make my skin have a dewy look.
I love this stuff. I use it as a facial lotion. This tub has lasted me over a year and I use it on a daily basis. I have extremely sensitive skin and this lotion hasn't irritated my face at all. It also has NO smell at all, no weird chemical smells or anything. It goes on a tad bit greasy if you use too much, but it quickly absorbs. It also doesn't irritate my acne. When I don't use this product, my face gets really dry like it usually does, but it works great when I use it. If I had to pick a con, it would be that I hate that this product is in a tub.....since it lasts so long, I don't like the thought of dipping my hands into a tub, it feels unsanitary. If you accidentally forget to put the lid on, the product gets hard at the top......either way, whatever. It still works great.
Well, you've no doubt heard from some other reviewers that cetaphil's moisturizing lotion formula is greasy so I won't beat that into the ground. It does bother me that a product with the 'lightweight' and 'non-greasy' monikers does not live up to expectations. However, if you put a very very small amount of water into the bottle (several drops), just enough to curtail the thick viscosity, you should be fine.Aside from that the product does the job. If you are looking for a non-comodegenic, hypo-allergenic product then this is for you. If you are also looking for an oil-free product, then this is not for you.
I moved to the high desert plains a couple of years ago and the combination of low humidity and hard water began to wreak havoc on my skin. I've tried many different products at many price points, including some extremely expensive ones. Lotions did not last and most creams I tried felt too heavy or either looked *or* felt greasy. This Cetaphil formula has the perfect balance for me; it is light enough to sink in deeply and thick and creamy enough to make my skin feel incredibly soft and have that feeling last.TIP: I buy this extra large size to keep the cost low but I reuse small cream containers to make this "portable".Leaves my skin soft and supple. Doesn't leave a scent. Doesn't cause breakouts. Quite simply the best!
I didn't expect to like this cream as much as I do.  It's an excellent value and I don't plan to be without it in the future.  Cetaphil now sits on my bathroom vanity and is used as a routine moisturizer for my face, elbows, arms and any other moisturizing needs.The scent is clean and very minimal so it doesn't iterfere or offend.It hasn't caused any breakouts and seems to hold moisture longer than many of the high-end moisturizers I've tried.Excellent product and a terrific value.The glowing reviews here were my reason for trying it and I'm very glad I did.
Absolutely love this cream.  I have combination skin with oily t-zone but my skin dries out near my cheeks, near my eyes and chin.  I use this cream twice a day--once at night after a shower and once in the morning after washing and cleaning my face.  A lesser moisturizer would result in dry skin by lunchtime but this cream really keeps my skin moist and soft.  Super safe around eyes and works into skin really well.  No added scents!  I've tried lots of different moisturizers and this one is by far the best.
I buy this sat Costco when it is on sale and went on Amazon to do a comparison price check.  I do not use this as my everyday body cr&egrave;me, even though my dermatologist wishes I would.  This is non scented and I tend to use it at night after showering before I go to bed as it very rich.  I turned on a friend to this as she has very dry skin and now she uses it every day.  Important to note:  scoop a small amount onto your hands and rub your hands together to 'melt it down' before applying to the body.
I don't know why people use crap like this.It is full of chemicals that I would not put on my body because those chemicals you put ON your body go into your body.So what does one use instead?Well just about EVERY brand you can buy online or at the drugstore uses bad ingredients.So it's better to use natural stuff like:shea butterCoastal Scents Unrefined Shea Butter, 16 Ouncejojoba oilorganic coconut oilYou can easily mix this stuff together and make your own 100% natural and CHEAPER creams and oils for your face and body and not risk getting cancer from all those bad chemicals.Check out this info:beautyoffood.com/?hop=nfopowerUnfortunately the "beauty industry" will put any crap into a product if it will make your skin look or feel better but they don't give a dang about how it might affect your overall health.Don't be a chump, use your own cheaper better creams and oils - some stuff like cucumbers which you can rub on your face, are So cheap and work better than anything!
I love this.  My dermatologist has always told me to use cetaphil because I have acne.  I was actually using the cetaphil facial moisturizer for a while until I tried this.  I like it a lot better because it moisturizes my face a lot better than the other.I use it on my face and neck every time I wash my face (morning and night).  It doesn't feel too thick, but it helps moisturize.  It Doesn't feel greasy, oily, or sticky either.  Another plus is that it lasts forever if you use it for mainly your face.  I'm guilty for using in on the dry patches on my arms though!
This stuff is a miracle. I have incredibly dry skin from eczema and allergies. Winter is pretty awful for me. My skin, especially my legs, get very dry and itchy. Then I scratch and they hurt. Then I put lotion on and they sting. And I've tried everything, having particular luck with colloidal oatmeal lotions, but they weren't perfect.But this has been a godsend.Even though I use Cetaphil face wash, I would have never thought to try this out but received it in a package of products from Allure called the Allure Beauty Box. After my first use I was in love.It's thick, feels nice going on, doesn't burn, and kept my skin unbelievably healthy. I haven't scratched my legs once all winter for the first time in 25 years. Seriously unbelievable.I can't recommend this enough. Really does what it says!
I use this as an all over (head to toe) moisturizer year round. In the summers, I put my go-to sunscreen over it and it's not too much. I'm a bit of a product junkie, so in the past I've deviated from this to try other lotions and creams, but always came back to Cetaphil. I'm not budging again. It's economical, it doesn't contribute to breakouts (the skin on my face has an attitude), it moisturizes and keeps my skin that way throughout the day, and it seriously softens everything it touches. It's not greasy, soaks in quickly and well, doesn't interfere with any make up I use (that said, I only use a gel blush and maybe some powder) and it has a good ranking on the Environmental Working Group site (I think a 2 or 3) and contains no parabens. Sold.
Ok, so I'm anal.  I pour over reviews for hours before making a purchase.  It was so well worth the effort in finding the Cetaphil cream!  This cream is light weight, but works wonderfully.  I really don't understand the few reviewers who said this cream was heavy or greasy.  At 52 and still prone to acne from moisturizers, this cream is fabulous!  I purchased a chemical peel that recommended this product for use after treatment and I am so glad I did.  No breakouts, hydrated skin and a steal compared to the other "miracle" creams out there.  Also, my hands and legs have never been so smooth and soft.  No more oily/greasy feeling on my hands and legs as with other moisturizers.  Plain and simple, this product works!Thank you Amazon.  Your review system, lightening fast shipping and unlimited selection of products keeps me coming back again and again.
On my doctor's advice I started using Cetaphil products. I absolutely love the moisturizing cream as it seems to really sink into the skin and moisturize it. I always apply this cream before going to sleep at night followed up by an application the following day. During particularly dry seasons, I may apply this cream several times a day.This stuff really works. I suffer from very dry skin and Atopic Dermatitis. Applying the Cetaphil cream seems to help alleviate these skin conditions. What is really nice is the skin cream is unscented. Sensitive skin, like mine, can be irritated by perfumed lotions.Highly reommend.
I have extremely dry skin/psoriasis and I have tried all of the moisturizers in the world that claim to relieve dry skin but Cetaphil is the only cream that has ever saved me. It's really great for any skin type and I recommend it to everyone. It seems like it would be greasy but when its put on, it absorbs really fast and you can see that your skin really and FINALLY finally moisturized and its a rather wonderful feeling. I'm pretty sure that if I didn't use it, I'll have horribly dry/ peeling skin all over my face and look twenty years older than I actually do because of it. It's so wonderful! CeraVe and Cetaphil are the two moisturizers I highly recommend, but Cetaphil is still my favorite.
My dermatologist friend has this all over his home... he's got two little kids.... so I figured there might be something to it.Bit pricey but I can see how this will last me awhile.... I like to use it on my drier bits... feet, knees, elbows, face, etc. I was never great about lotion on my face but when I've used this, it's been kind of awesome.... it just love that it feels so rich but so neutral... I guess that's the point... don't want it to aggravate the skin!So I figured I'd splurge a little in my mission to become better friends with my skin. I figure if I get a good running start now, I can look more youthful even as my body has other plans ;)Really like this cream!
I have tried everything and beside Olay for face, this is the very best. I use it on my body and face, along with the Olay, and the results are wonderful. My skin is soft, not greasy, dewy, plump and zitless. This lotion might be a little heavier than some but my skin likes it. If u have dry or allergy-prone skin, this is for you. I tried a cheaper lotion a few weeks ago and ran back to this. Cetaphil makes several varations, so any skin need can be met. Excellent for ppl like me who hate fragrances! So great.
This is a very good moisturizer but it does take a while to sink in and stays kinda greasy so you have to blot. I have been using bp which is drying and this does help but it has no spf and is a little too thick for daytime so I am switching to something formulated for just that. Good moisturizer for nighttime. I def recommend just not for me at the moment. Good luck!EDIT- i now use this around my eyes in the morning because my morning moisturizer has sunscreen in it (the kind you cant apply in that area) and also at night on my upper eye area, i use vitamin e oil as my nighttime under eye serum lol. It keeps it moist and supple! And when my back is dry from using bp. Anyone could use this even for something as simple as hand lotion its good
Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find.  I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This 4 oz side is perfect to throw in your gym bag or overnight suitcase.
Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find. I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This bottle is rather large.  I use it to refill my 4 oz bottle since it's cheaper to buy 16 ounces at a time.
The texture of the cleanser takes some getting used to; it does not spread over the skin like soap so I can't get away with a couple of squirts on a washcloth to wash my whole body. I have dry, sensitive skin and mild adult acne that gets worse with exercise and the hot weather. In the month I used this (only lasted me that long) I realized I wasn't breaking out the way I used to. When I ran out I tried another, less expensive product that was also supposed to be dermatologist recommended. I broke out the next day and had itching in areas that weren't itchy using Cetaphil. I'm going back to Cetaphil but to make it last longer I'm just using it on my face and sensitive areas. I think it's worth it.
Hi,I've been using Cetaphil for years now.  I first bought after reading reviews in Allure magazine and I wasn't disappointed one bit!! It's the best, non drying and non-abrasive cleanser I've ever used... and while it is a bit pricey (I'm pretty cheap lol) it's worth it and the bottle (used by my eldest daughter and myself) lasts us 6 months!  And you can use it without water if you needed too!  It's amazing!Honestly, I will use this stuff forever.  :)LOVE it!
Ever since my friend told me about Cetaphil a few years ago I have not used any thing else! Since then I have been introducing my friends and family to Cetaphil soaps and creams. Not only does it make your face and body so smooth and soft but I think it makes you look younger. I have noticed that the wrinkles around my eyes and forehead seem to have diminished a little. I highly recommend the lotions and face creams. This is a great product for all ages of women. You will feel the diffence on your skin as soon as you apply it!
Wow this stuff is garbage. I am so perplexed by all the great reviews. I have very fair, sensitive skin with mild/moderate acne. I have been looking for a good facial moisturizer for years and thought this would be my answer. Nope. It's not a cream, it's runnier than regular lotion and upon application it feels like a gel. After 10 minutes it feels like I put nothing on my face, in fact it makes my face feel a little tight. I look in the mirror and see dry patches. I am so disappointed, I just can't trust reviews anymore. Only good thing about this product is that it has no fragrance and doesn't irritate my skin.
I have been using moisturizer from all stretches of the earth. NuSkin to dead sea to japanese products to Exuviance. This one moisturizes very well. The thing about less-expensive moisturizers are that they do the same job, but they are thicker. I have been having drier skin, overall after using this for a year, so I'm not sure if the long term benefits are good. My skin looks older but I don't think it is due to this product or just aging. This product is a bit too much for summertime, if you have an oily/shiny t-zone.
I have sensitive skin and combination at that. I used to spend much more money on the kinerase moisturizer. But I decided to try other brands so save some money. After several attempts on different brands. I found this gem! Diamond in the rough! It lasts me a long time and I have no reaction to it. I only hope they don't discontinue it any time soon because I really don't want to find another one and chances are, it will be much more expensive. At this price you should definitely try this.
Pleasant smell, non-irritating, non-drying does it what it claims! I was depressed over how my skin was looking & tried Proactiv but that stuff made my condition worse, with this & the Neutrogena, Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish cream, I noticed a noticable difference the next day even my mom said that my skin was pretty! Don't expect a big lather with this in fact, it's actually a good thing it doesn't lather too much (it's just right) because that can be drying to your skin just as they say you don't want an uber soapy shampoo that lathers too much because that can strip the oils from your hair drying it out. I LOVE THIS STUFF, & being on a fixed income I needed something I can afford that actually delivered on it's promises!
This is a fine skin cream , it reduced pore size, improved my complexion's color and uniformity , didn't irritate it and didn't induce acne. I wear it daily prior going to bed and at afternoon if I am not going out ..definately improved my skin overall.Edit : after using this cream for more than 3 weeks now on daily basis I can say it has no effect on my age spots however, it does improve drastically pore sizes and makes my skin looks smooth and soft. will definately re-order
I was using neutrogena rapid anti wrinkle night moisturizer... By the way I am 36 and have 2 lines in the forehead and a wrinkle in the nose in between eyes. And also lines around eyes... I don't prefer to use chemicals near eyes.. So I use organic natural product for around eyes. The rapid anti wrinkle was good.. Still I felt it might be too strong and I don't need it now .. In late 30s... Might be in late 40s... So tried this cream which is milder... I am using it for the last 2 weeks... When I wake up every morning and see myself in the mirror... I feel like my face is super clean, fresh and soft...doesn't  break out my combination skin... So far so good... Will continue using this
I have oily acne prone skin and I started getting fine lines around my eyes. I usually like Neutrogena products but this one is a dud. First, it doesn't lather at all. I've had an issue w/ it actually sliding off my hands a few times since it doesn't lather. Second it has a weird smell. Third it doesn't work. I'm delusional in thinking that a few months using the product will suddenly make my fine lines disappear but there is no difference at all. Plus my skin is still oily and I've broken out several times since I started using it. After this bottle I'm done. I'm in the market for something new.
I can't find this is ANY stores.  Neutrogena makes something similar in a pump, but I hear that it's pretty harsh on the skin.  I got this due to rave reviews -- and Thank You Amazon for carrying it --- and I absolutely love it.  I wear it almost nightly under my moisturizer.  My skin is smoother and appears fresher in the morning.  It did make my nose peel a little bit, but that's when I take a night off.  I really like this and hopefully can continue to buy this.
I have been using this product for 3 weeks and have had great results. I have dry, sensitive, blemish prone skin. I'm in my late 20's with severe environmental allergies and mild acne. I cannot use Benzoyl Peroxide as it's too irritating and actually makes my skin swell.  Retinol, AHA and BHA are the only OTC products I can use without breaking out. This product is not hard on my skin and I've noticed my acne clearing since I've started using it. In the morning, I can see my blemishes have healed some compared to the night before. I have also noticed old blemish spots fading significantly.  I also like that it comes in a tube rather than a jar. The antioxidants and other ingredients won't spoil that way. Good for Neutrogena for coming out with this product!
I purchased this Neutrogena Healthy Skin Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish Cleanser several weeks ago from Ulta for $6.95 shipped.  I LOVE this face cleanser.  I use it with theClarisonic PRO Deluxe Professional 4-Speed Skin Care System with Spot Therapy Kit, Whiteand have seen fabulous results (no miracles ... but definitely a clearer, smoother complexion).  I only use this cleanser every 2-3 days.  I alternate it with other Neutrogena cleansers so that I do not overdry my skin (especially as we are approaching winter).  So far, my skin looks much clearer and smoother.  I get those occasional blemishes in the T-zone area and this clears it up.  I have even noticed that my pores and those fine lines are less visible.  It even has a nice smell.  Overall, I'm very happy!
I've tried nearly all of the major anti-aging creams out there. I've tried all the big drugstore brands (olay, Roc, etc), I've tried department store brands (clinique, origins, etc), and I keep coming back to this one every time. I love that it does not have a fragrance (the overpowering scent of perfume is what turned me off from Roc). I love that it's not greasy, but yet it gives me just the right amount of moisture before bed. Most of all, I love that this 30-something girl still gets carded regularly when I buy a bottle of wine at the grocery store. Really, what more can a girl ask for from a wrinkle cream?
My Dermatologist told me to start using this when I was 25 since i had a bad scaly patch and just could never ever get a grip on my dry skin. I have super dry skin and had been trying all kinds of stuff, even vasoline and olive oil. My skin is so dry it hurts after I take a shower. Anyway I've used this, and only this plus the other night one in the pump - and my skin looks awesome and I'm almost 40 now. I stopped when I was pregnant, and when I had the baby as these creams may not be good for pregnant ladies or infants (they don't know but it's a lot of vitamin A so play it safe). I just used coconut oil (straight) during those times. EVERYONE has always told me they CANNOT believe my age, I look way way young for my age. I can show you a photo if you want.
All the neutrogena are very effective when it comes to anti wrinkle and acne fighting, only draw back if you are prone to have sensitive skin like me, be careful how much you apply, and how often you apply it, otherwise it will really dry your skin out and your skin becomes very itchy.So make sure to follow the directions, do only apply to the effected area, stay away from anywhere from the eye area, about 1 inch at least, and try it out first and use it every other day or so.Even as I keep my Neutrogena products on hand for emergencies,:) , for the day to day use you maybe want to check out the Lush products that are also on sale here on Amazon. Dream Creme, amazing moisturizer(also for people who have dry skin due to Caner treatments !!!!) , Vanishing creme, amazing moisturizer for acne prone skin, deminishes redness, acne scars, and Herbalism, an organic cleanser.
I've been using the night cream from this line for a few months and quite like it -- so I decided to buy the corresponding day SPF 15 cream.Overall, it's a nice product. Moisturizes well, and have good enough SPF. I like the fact that it has retinol and comes in a tin tube (so sun can't decay the retinol). I haven't noticed any improvements in my fine lines or wrinkles, but I'm using it more as a preventative measure (I'm 34 currently).However, I have noticed that the texture of the product is a bit chalky and less nice and soothing as the night version. I attribute this to the SPF, so that's fine. I like this product enough to continue buying it.
with just 1 month of using this product my skin already feels so much smoother.  for people that wear makeup this is great for it soaks in very fast and doesn't just lay on top of the skin before you put your makeup on.  i have it delivered monthly and i use in the am and pm.  if it's been a very warm day i put it on again in the afternoon.  love that it has a sunscreen in it.  no such thing as using too much of this in the florida climate.  i highly recommend this.  i don't see however that it would work well for excessively dry skin.
This is an amazing night cream. I wanted to try a mild retinol product to see how it affected my acne prone skin and I am happy to say that there are only two products in the world that do not make me break out after using it and this is one of them. I noticed my skin was much smoother after just the first application and only improved afterwards. No tingling or burning as with other retinol products and I even applied it around my eyes without any negative reactions. There wasn't any significant improvement with the fine wrinkles that I have on my forehead due to sun exposure but it is still a wonderful night cream. Overall, I definitely recommend this product.
This is the best cleanser I have used in years.  I have 30 year old skin that is starting to look a tiny bit tired after two kids and lack of sleep.  In addition I have break outs still on a regular basis or should I say I did until using this product.  Since using this product my skin is looking refreshed and I have ZERO breakouts, even around that time of the month.  I ran out and was using some sample products I had on hand and what a mistake, my blemishes came back almost instantly.  As soon as I returned to using this product my skin was clear and feeling great.  I use it once a day in combination with the Neutrogena lavender face wipes at night.  This product is not a scrub, but a creamy sort of cleanser.  I would recommend this product for sure, no hesitation.
I bought this product in despair after Neutrogena discontinued Oil-Free Acne Stress Control 3-in-1 Hydrating Acne Treatment. But I found I liked this product better. True I am older and it is time to switch to a more intense moisturizing regime, but this product really worked. I know Neutrogena has put Oil-Free Acne Stress Control 3-in-1 Hydrating Acne Treatment back on the market but I am sticking with this Anti-wrinkle stuff from now on. I highly recommend this to anyone over the age of 25 who has the intelligence to wash their face before bedtime. Use this, it may not get rid of wrinkles but it really does keep your face softer and prevents peeling and helps heal sun damage. I speak from experience. This stuff is not a miracle (most products are not) but it really does a good job and the price is very reasonable.
I never thought a body oil would be so great.  When I hear "body oil," I think, "greasy," "thick," and "gross."  Neutrogena body oil is none of those things.  I squirt a little in the tub when I run a bath, and it keeps my skin from drying out.  After I shower, I put it on my legs and they never get dry, either.  It's so light that you don't feel it at all, and the scent is very light too.  I did, however, order the unscented version for when my current bottle runs out.  My husband is hooked on this stuff too.  We keep a bottle in the shower, and when we turn the water off, we just put some on our arms and legs before we get out.  That way, we don't have to use a lot of heavy lotions instead.
As a body oil it's just fine.... I like to use a cap full in a bath. It makes my skin very soft. It will make your bathtub just disgusting though, you will have to clean it after.But the smell.... It's not my favorite to begin with, but it's ok. It's just SO strong!!!!! I give it 3 stars because it works well and does what it supposed to, but I actually don't use it. I can't handle the scent, or its strength of scent I guess.
This is my favorite thing on the planet! I have been using this body oil for years and years (15+ years). I use after shower before drying off, then my regular body lotion, makes my skin super soft and leaves a nice scent behind (if you like the smell that is, also comes unscented). I recommend to everyone and I know a lot of women who use it that also love this body oil. It is a little uncomfortable to get out of towels (also leave scent behind on them) but soaking in detergent for a few hours does the trick. Just leaves a silky soft finish on your skin, not on your clothes, great for dry winter skin.
First of all, I always buy the unscented body oil because I use a dropper and squirt some of my favorite aromatherapy essential oils into it before I use it. It takes no more than one dropper full to completely scent the entire bottle of body oil. Impressive, and with heavier oils like sweet almond it takes alot more than just one dropper to carry the scent.I use this after my shower, and just a few drops on my hand can cover an entire body area (lower leg, upper leg, arm, ect). I find the moisture to be helpful, but not enough for my legs, so I use lotion there, too. But it helps, definitely. Plus it adds a sexy sheen (as in shine, not Charlie).It's also great for suntanning, though suntanning is bad for skin anyway...this at least helps keep the skin moist and isn't so heavy that it makes me feel sticky afterwards.
I have tried all kinds of oils over the years to combat dry skin.  I love this Neutrogena body oil, I love the large bottle it comes in, it has a great flip top that makes it easy to use, without making a huge oily mess.  It smells great, it goes on smoothly and is easy to blend in.  I will be ordering more of this, it works so well.  It has helped me get rid of a patch of very dry skin I had on the back of my neck.  I just put this on after a shower, when the skin is still moist.  It really moisturizes and isn't greasy.
It does not smell like sesame oil at all, which is good. Not like the smell of food. It actually has a very pleasant smell.  Oil is not too thick.  Nice to apply after a bath, but you can also put some on the tub when relaxing. Wife and I are using it especially more often during the winter.  It helps you to stay a little bit warm.  Helps your skin to keep it from drying.  Not bad to use for massage, but kinda expensive for that purpose.
Having used this fragrance free oil for years, I was saddened to find it had disappeared from my local stores.  Only the scented one is available locally, and after trying it, I vowed never to use it again.  How delighted I was to find my old favorite on Amazon.  It works best if applied to wet skin after bathing, then towel dry gently.  It is a very light oil, and is absorbed quickly. Regular use will restore dry skin to a soft, supple condition. Very highly recommended.  Thank you, Amazon! (And, of course, thank you Neutrogena, for developing the product in the first place!)
This goes on soooooo easily and absorbs quickly into my skin.  There is a very slight shimmer upon application.  NOT greasy at all!!!!  Since this product is fragrance-free, I've also used it in my hair, and it works as well as the Fekkai hair oil I use.  It's thin so it would be hard to overdo it like lotion.  The only thing is that when I'm in a rush, some oil droplets find their way to the floor or my counter.  Easy peasy to clean though.
BUT NOT ANYMORE!!! This product is awesome. I put just a wee bit in my bathwater and voila!! Gets to places I was too lazy to reach. I'm not itchy from this terribly dry winter we're having and my skin doesn't feel tight. I love to also use this oil as a massage oil. There's no fragrance which I like because it allows me to put on perfume without feeling too scented.Pros:Not greasy in the bathtubHydratingSoothing for itchy dry skinSpreads easilyAbsorbs quicklyCons:Can get a little priceyMust...have....more.....
Neutrogena Body Oil is an added extra....something good especially through this exceptionally brutal winter. However, for me, it doesn't work as well in the shower as I expected it to.  I love Neutrogena products and decided to try this.  It works just OK during the shower.  I even do as instructed...use on damp skin w/o rubbing off. I must say though, I find it works much better when I use it in the bath.  Maybe it's the fact that it has more time to penetrate into the skin.I have sensitive skin &amp; therefore I'm really comfortable w/Neutrogena's light products.  I may have to get something a little stronger for the shower but for my baths...it's good!
I have to start out by saying that I am really not a fan of Neutrogena products. This is one of the exceptions. Three days after starting Accutane, I ran out of my expensive moisturizer (Physiodermie - Oily Skin Cream - 50ml) and had to run to the drugstore to buy moisturizer. I had a meltdown because they didn't have Olay in stock and bought Aveeno, Cetaphil, and this. This is the best, by a long shot. It feels nearly as good as my expensive one, but it doesn't sink into the skin quite as fast. The only downside is the smell, which is of clay. I don't mind it, since that proves it is fragrance free-- I just wish it was a little less strong.My favorite drugstore moisturizer is stillOlay Regenerist Deep Hydration Regenerating Cream, 1.7-Fluid Ounce, but I would definitely repurchase this neutrogena moisturizer!
Neutrogena oil free moisture SPF 15 is amazing. The bottle has a little pump that makes it very easy to dispense. The product goes very far and you only need a little bit. This product is great for people with dry/semidry or combination skin. It helps combat dry skin in the places that need it without adding additional oil. It is also good to put under makeup. It causes much less foundation to be used up due to the fact that the skin is already moisturized. It also has SPF 15 which is great for the summer when you're not outside for long periods of time. (For long periods of sun exposure, I would suggest a higher SPF.) This product does smell a bit like sunscreen so there's no secret to what you're using!
I have oily skin to the point where I avoided using moisturizer as every one that I tried in the past made by skin even oilier. It was embarrassing! I decided to give this one a try because of what it says it does and because I somehow developed small patches of dry skin on my face that needed to be treated, even though I was still oily. This moisturizer is absolutely amazing! My skin feels so smooth after application with no greasy after feel and I am totally shocked to see how well it has kept my makeup in place. I did not have to blot once during the day while at work. It's been 12 hours since I applied it today and my face still looks great. This product really works!!! I am overjoyed that I decided to give it a try and highly recommend it.
I used to use the Neutrogena moisturizer for sensitive skin, but decided to try this since my skin does tend to be oily. The lotion itself is very thin. Instead of my normal one application, with this lotion I need to apply twice, otherwise my face is dry and flaky--once after getting out of the shower, and another time before putting on my make up. The 2 stars is for the fact that my skin does look and feel good using this lotion, but there are plenty others that do just as good a job with just half the amount.
I purchased this facial moisturizer recently, as well as farther back a year or so. Both times I have ended up returning it, mind you I didn't purchase this on Amazon, but rather stores in-person at stores like Walmart and Target. This moisturizer says it is hypo-allergenic although I don't buy it. I am allergic to basically everything and rely on mainly baby products. I have very fair, sensitive skin and acne. I do not find this moisturizes, but rather burns one's skin horribly. After using the moisturizer, I had eroded, scabby sores all over my face. I think it made my skin much worse, although I am not supposed to be allergic to any of the ingredients. Also, for you fellow fair-skinned folks, it makes your skin look very red and ruddy in a bad way. Do not buy this, you will regret it, or at least I did.
I had meant to order the SPF version, which comes out of the pump a white color.  This is a creamy-whitish.  Nothing wrong with that, but I need the SPF coverage and I actually use it to lighten up my light tinted moisturizer...I'm kinda pale, so I will stick with the SPF next time.  That said, I still use this sometimes at night or if I know I will be bumming around the house all day with no fun-in-the-sun.  It is lightweight and, like all Neutrogena products, of high quality.
I have 30 years old, white female. Had acne all thru my 20s, it's clearing up the older Im getting but this moisturizer has been a LIFE saver. I have tried so many other products out there, Simple, Clinique, Coconut Oil, Oil of Olay, etc... and nothing worked. They were too greasy, too smelly and caused breakouts or over drying and made my skin feel tight. Read many reviews on this, purchased this at my local Walmart and have been IN LOVE with this ever since. I use before my makeup every morning. 1 pump is plenty- apply to face, let dry (5 mins or so) and then apply makeup. I use a Neutrogena Night cream as a night moisturizer, but this would work fine too! So happy with this. No break outs, leaves my skin feeling wonderful and just enough moisture to NOT be oily! Deff reccommend this as a try! : )
I have sensitive skin that seems to be becoming more and more sensitive as time goes on. I've tried lots of different products claiming to be great for sensitive skin, but those claims don't usually hold true (they either make me break out or itchy or have scents, etc. in them that are irritating....or are for more mature skin) but this stuff does! It moisturizes without being greasy or causing irritation. I've been using it for about a year now and I've never had any problems with it. Usually lotions will cause me to break out in a purple patchy rash around my mouth, but this doesn't at all. It does need a few minutes to really absorb into the skin after applying it though (at least before starting to put on make up or whatever). Definitely recommend!
im 13 and i love neutrogena products. i bought this from target and it was $10. i have been using it only for a little while but i noticed it made my skin super soft!! and spf in a moisturizer is awesome, and the fact that it is no comedogenic (srry idk how to spell that??) i would totally recommed this, i have sort of oily skin and i think i just need to buy some blotting wipes or something like that, elf ahve some 150 for $3!! but i think that theres nothing that will stop the oil from coming out through the moisturizer or your makeup. if that makes sense. hope this helped :) good luck
For years I have struggled with dry, acne-prone skin, and all moisturizers I tried caused me to break out, left my face feeling oily, or would wear-off and would need to be re-applied throughout the day. This is the first moisturizer I have tried that works for my sensitive skin without any of those problems.This product dissolves quickly without oily residue and leaves my skin feeling soft for the entire day (until I wash my face my again).  I use this product twice a day (morning and night) after I wash my face, and I love it!  If you are struggling to find a good facial moisturizer, I would definitely recommend this product!
I chose tiis moisturizer because it did not have SPF in it and it was advertised as not to clog the pore on my face.  I seems a little more pricey than Oil of Olay.  I have always used a moisturizer after shaving, it does a far better job of soothing the skin thanalcohol based products P.S. after about 1/2 of the bottle the pump no longer will pump and you are left with 1/2 bottle that you have to beat out with your hand to get it.... I won't make this mistake again of ordering this... Shame of them...
I really like it, especially for the warmer times. For reference, I have oily and acne prone skin that can be sensitive to some products.PROS:-moisturizes fairly well-dries matte (and keeps me from being shiny for about 4-5 hours if I only have this moisturizer on)-affordable-mixes well with other products (beauty oils, facial serums, sunscreen)CONS:-no SPF (personally, I find putting on sunscreen can be a laborious extra step)The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because I have yet to find a moisturizer like my all-time favorite one (Lancome Visionaire moisturizer). I would definitely recommend this product and would buy it again.
I use this both night AND morning and have never experienced a break out, rash, or any such thing. I used to use Clinique oil-free "moisture in control" because I would frequently break out. While I didn't break out after using it, my skin didn't feel moisturized, and after turning 40 that is key. I've been using Neutrogena Light Night Cream for over a year and love that it also contains few ingredients, no fragrance and NO sunscreen. Personally I don't like the idea of rubbing sunscreen into my face every morning, especially when I don't spend much time outside during the day. So I recommend giving this a try for both morning and night applications for sensitive skin. It makes my skin soft and moisturized but never greasy feeling. I use this in conjunction with Regenerist for sensitive skin.
I really wanted a very light night cream. I'm sure this mosturizes well but it left a residue that was still present the next morning. I tried it again and again, using less each time until I was putting the merest suggestion of cream on my face - no longer enough to even begin to moisturize. Reluctantly I took this off my subscription list and won't buy it again.But I do realize this is a preference thing. For some people - different age, different skin, different preferences - it might be wonderful. Certainly it seemed well blended and was fragrance free as described. For me, it came out probably one or two stars. But I'm giving it three because I think it's a nice enough product - just not for me.
After having my baby I developed a rash on my hands from overwashing and extremely dry skin. I visited a dermatologist who prescribed me a steroid cream to get rid of the rash and samples of this hand cream. He insisted I use this every time I wash my hands to keep them moisturized so I would not have another rash breakout. I have been using this for over a year now and do not have dry chapped skin. I still wash my hands about 20 times a day so this is a life saver!
This is a great product but it is not what I would call a hand &#34;cream.&#34;  The formula is a yellowish almost clear oil/petroleum-like based formula.  It does absorb into the skin but not completely.I would not use this during the day to avoid leaving greasy prints on things.  This is a great product to use at night because it does absorb somewhat into hands and the residue creates a &#34;mask&#34; soaking completely into the skin after a few hours.  It leaves hands very soft and well moisturized; perfect for night treatments.If you have severely chapped dry hands this is a great product because it will not cause a burning sensation that most hand lotions will.  The formula is extremely gentle and would work on most cases of dry cracked skin.
This creme is super heavy duty, but tends to disappear as it soaks in.  Great for hands and feet. Being in Arizona, I am always having to apply some kind of creme to my heels and hands to combat dryness. I've run through about a dozen, high-end and low-end, but nothing works quite like the Norwegian Formula. Must be all the glycerin?I wouldn't use it on my face, obviously, but anywhere you have itchy, cracked or super dry skin, go for it.
First of all, thank you to all the other reviewers who persuaded me to give the Norwegian Formula Hand Cream a try! I can't remember the last time my hands were this soft... if ever.It took a little less than 7 days of regular use to smooth my rough, winter skin and now my hands are soft all the time and that includes after washing dishes.  There is no scent so the men in the household also did not mind giving it a try. I would recommend this product to anyone who suffers from chronically dry, rough hands and probably will never buy another brand of hand cream again.
I had used this years ago, and didn't like it because it was too thick. The formula must have changed, or I am more intelligent and used it properly this time! Yes, it is more like an ointment than a cream, but it goes on creamy IF your skin is fresh from the shower or hand washing. Just use a little. Do not glop it on. My dermatologist suggested using this as a night time hand cream for my dry hands. It works really well using it this way, and if I need to I can add a little extra and put on gloves.
I have trouble with hand creams because my hands sweat more than the average person's. As a result, I find this lotion to be somewhat slow absorbing. It almost feels like a thicker version of aquaphor - very rich and emoliant, maybe even a bit greasy. However, I notice that my cuticles are very well moisturized when I use this and the effects last several hours. I suggest using it sparingly. It won't be my holy grail hand cream, but I will definitely use it in conjunction with a more fast absorbing and lighter lotion.
This stuff really does work. The hype is real. I have been using Crabtree & Evelyn's gardner's hand therapy for years and have really liked it, but this stuff just plain works better. The other stuff is good though, if you need an alternative, but it's more expensive and frankly isn't as good.I live in the Pacific Northwest, which typically doesn't have a very dry climate. But we are having a very cold spell right now with no moisture in the air and my skin is drying up something awful. And, this stuff has saved my hands and, believe it or not, my face! I use argan & maracuja oils on my face typically and they do wonders, but this magic potion is taking care of a pesky dry spot on my face as we speak.This stuff is fragrance free too, so any of you sensitive folks will have no problem. And a little goes a long way as it is very concentrated.
I'm absolutely in love with this hand cream. Since it's winter my hands have been cracking a lot and feeling really dry. If it isn't the weather, it's washing my hands too often, but this cream has completely healed my hands. After one or two uses (overnight) my hands feel and look better! You need only a small amount to get this result too (:It does feel a little tacky after you apply it, but give a minute or two and it'll sink into your skin. It'll be like it's not even there!I totally recommend this product. No doubt in my mind.
This hand cream was created for use by Norwegian fishermen working in the North Atlantic.  There is nothing glamorous about it. It doesn't have pretty packaging, there is no pretty fragrance, it tends to be a little slow to absorb and it is gooey if you get  too much on.  However...it is hands down, without a doubt, the hand cream that produces the best results over any other, in my opinion.  I use it at night (I use a more easily absorbed cream during the day) and the next morning my hands are kitten-soft and incredibly smooth.  Not surprising.  After all, if it can help those fishermen braving the icey waters of the North Atlantic, think what it can do with our hands!
This hand cream is just the best out there. My father has faithfully used it for decades. I rarely needed it until my mid-20s, but when my hands are dry it follows true to its motto, &#34;Just a dab heals dry skin.&#34;The consistency is, at first, something like vaseline. You expect it to be oily and slick. Rub your hands together for about 10 seconds, though, and they feel baby-soft with no residue. It's borderline-magical. It also works for me on elbows and any dry patch of skin. I wish there were versions of this for feet and face, though; it doesn't apply as well to those areas. Cracked heels and breakouts will have to find another cure.Still, this is the only brand of lotion I have ever bought twice. You should put it at the top of your list to try if you have dry hands.
My mom started using this product and has been "addicted" to it ever since. She uses it when her hands are dry any time of the year. I was a little skeptical of this "miracle cure" (as said by my mom), but when I tried it out I must say that I was pretty impressed. My dry skin went from being rough and ,well, dry to smooth and moist (but not too moist . .just enough to feel nice). The only problem I had with this hand cream was that it was very thick and it made my hands very sticky/slippery for quite some time . .a longer time than most lotions/hand creams. . .But, after it dried out some, everything was cool . ..
I have spent so much money over the years on skincare ! Bought all the expensive brands ( Estee Lauder, Lancome etc ) My skin is sensitive and on the drier side and almost everything I used did not work .  I use this for my face !  I am 53  and this stuff is incredible ! It makes your skin very soft and not greasy at all ! I  Great under your make up too . The glycerine is the ingredient that will do the trick !  I have used it now for years and I will not buy anything else . You need so little that it lasts a long time too .
Neutrogena hand cream is just about the best heavy-duty hand lotion out there.  It isn't nearly as greasy as many of the hand creams on the market.  It is quick and easy to apply because it rubs into your skin fairy quickly, yet its effects are long lasting.  Using this cream a couple of times a day really helps my chapped hands.The only drawback of this product as far as I'm concerned is its packaging.  The old version of this product used to have a flip-top cap which was much easier to use and less messy than the screw-on cap which the new version has.
I have been using this hand cream for nearly 20 years and is perfect. I have has issues with my hands cracking and bleeding during the winter months, I worked at a hospital and a nurse told me about trying this and it almost seemed impossible to have hands that could feel so soft and not bleed. I have dry skin to start with then the winters have made them almost impossible to keep them from hurting and this stuff has made them feel almost normal. I gave some to my grandma that had very dry skin like mine and this is all she uses and was so thankful for the product. I would recommend this to anyone who has any issue with dryness on the body. You will thank yourself for giving this a try.
Every winter my hands get really chapped.  Even if I wear gloves.  They crack and bleed and are just not attractive.  Every year I try to find something that works.  I took a chance and bought this item.  It's amazing!  I put some on last night and immediately noticed that my knuckles weren't as tight and my skin was softer.  Applied a little more before bedtime.  This morning, my hands are silky smooth.  There's no cracking, no chapping and they look amazing!It is thick, and until it absorbs it leaves your hands feeling a little weird.  But it doesn't take long to absorb and that feeling goes away.  For the results, it's well worth it!I recommend this product to anyone who can't find anything that works.
I applied the cream correctly every time, and it soothes effectively and provides a protective barrier for the skin, BUT does not deliver moisture to the skin The product doesn't have much moisture in it in the first place because it is "concentrated" apparently but i need moisture!! WHY ELSE WOULD I BUY HAND CREAM? obviously i want to moisturize my dry hands.The texture is grainy, I'm guessing it's the concentrated bits of dried cream or something, but it's very unpleasant feeling. It smells like plastic even though it's fragrance free.
I live this product - it is great as a moisturizer and isn't too heavy for my oily skin. I love the scent but, unfortunately, I think that is what made my skin tingle when I first started using it. The tingle has gone away, for the most part, but people with sensitive skin or people (like me) who use things like Retin-A that make their skin sensitive, take note. I think next time I'll try the Olay Pro-X Age Repair Lotion or the Total Effects 7-In-1.
All 3  arrived in great condition, and I use quite a lot of this product in the Summer time. I have tried so many other costly sunscreen products, and found them all to be rather sticky.  I am handicapped and like to sit outside in good weather. I used to freckle up so much, even though many sunscreens say up to 30 minutes.  But with this light formula I don't have to use very much, and I don't look like our Dalmatian.  This is sort of funny, but when I used other sunscreen products my sweet dog didn't like the smell and she wouldn't sit real close to me out  side.  Animals are very sensitive to smells.  It is a very nice product, and I'm sure that other customers will enjoy it also as the moisturizer keeps the skin so nice and soft.
Since I've turned 20, I have had problems with blemishes. So, for the last few years, I began to try many different face cleansers and lotions to solve the problem, and finally stumbled upon this one. It's lightweight and definitely moisturizes just enough. I never feel like my face is oily or greasy. My blemishes haven't completely gone away, but ever since I began using this lotion, my skin has been noticeably clearer. I assume it's because it doesn't clog my pores like my old lotion must have. The only complaint I have is about the bottle. When you squeeze it, you either get no lotion, or the lotion explodes everywhere. I wish they would put a pump on the bottle or something, so that I wouldn't be wasting so much lotion when I barely squeeze it and it all comes flying out.
Let me tell you, I'm a veteran at moisturizer and i've been thru it all , divorced break up to make upwith all these products.. lol... this is my dovoted one.. what it says it delivers wit seriously magnificent results.you dont need much, just have a good cleanser.. and use a lil bit rub it gently around your face.. drink plenty of wateruse this day and night.... give it about one month, and watch this baby go to work.. im not Lying I spent hundereds of dollarsand waisted them all... what i realize for best skin products come from not expensive over hyped adds.. but the names thathave great establishment and history like Olay..  and this perticular one complete all day for sensitve skin is the best for sensetive skin so dont deviate from it if u have sensitive skin this is your best chance to control your oil and have even skin tone..
Give it 2-3weeks and I gaurentee you will be glad you tried it, it is light and thirst quenching on the skin and seems to cover a multitued of tasks, you will not need seperate creams for eyes etc. My tip is to use it a s a night and day cream after gentle washing and exfoliaiting the face. By night put slighty too much on so as the skin has to slowly drink it in.You really will see a plumpness and radiance to your face in this space of time. This stuff is not bank breakingly expensive either.
I don't understand why they put fragrance in a facial cleanser.  I am allergic and am not able to use this cold cream.  It gave me a migraine and an asthma flare-up.Also I am disappointed that it did not remove my mascara and did NOT do a good job at removing my eyeliner either.  I don't wear heavy makeup so this should not have been an issue for this product.  It's really too bad because it is a good price and I can't afford more expensive products.
I will readily admit that the ingredients are not great. That's why I gave 4 out 5 stars. But... It works. I've got dry skin specially because I live in a dry climate. After washing my face, it would be greasy looking in less than an hour. I realized my skin was too dry and it was overcompensating. The area around my eyes has drastically improved and my skin isn't as greasy looking.Since using this product for a few months, it does clog my skin. I now only use it around my eyes, cleaning gently with a washcloth.  I have seen a big difference in keeping the area around my eyes moisterized.
This is a basic make-up remover.  I forgot how thick it is.  It does a good job at removing my make-up.  You need to wipe it off with a face cloth or wet wipe to remove.  It will not come off with just a water splash.  It leaves my skin soft and dewey.  I would recommend to you if you like the extra removal step.  You wil need to follow with a toner to completely remove the residue from your skin.  Nice scent.
This does have the extra ingredients that some people on here are unhappy about, but it does not sting or burn me whatsoever. It feels very mild and nice on my face. Everybody was raving about the smell, so I was surprised when I opened it and realized that the smell is kind of like a grandmother's perfume. It's not a bad smell at all, though. The cream takes my make-up off nicely, even tough liquid liner. I was really surprised by how small the jar actually is, but after using it I realized that this stuff will last me forever. You only need a very small amount to do the trick. Overall, I'd recommend this to anybody!
I use this after I wash my face and before I put on makeup.  I use it morning & night in the winter, and at night in the summer, on my face and neck.  It does not take much at all to cover a lot of area. One container lasts me forever!  My brother even uses this in the winter when his skin gets so dry.This doesn't clog my acne-prone pores at all! And works wonders very quickly! (I like to think it also helps me avoid wrinkles!- I haven't gotten any yet!) This moisturizes without that greasy feeling some products can leave you with.  I highly recommend this!1smileycat :-)
Reasonably priced skin cream that can go on under makeup for daywear and apply liberally at night.  I have been using this for years and it does softens skin in an extra rich texture that has a pleasing and recognizable scent.Since I am allergic to lanolin and have had sensitive skin my whole life I first checked the ingredients on the back of the jar and found this is not listed.There is also no sticky feeling left on your hands or face after applying and no tightness present on the face. It feels so silky when applied after I have come inside from a hot day, relief in a small jar that can be applied over face and throat. I have noticed a big difference in how my face looks since I first started using Pond's Dry Skin Cream.
I never taken care of my face as I should so I ordered a jar of this to start the process. Turning 30 is boring and hard. so far this has been a really, really great choice!! I have very sensitive skin and I get little to no breakouts and this lotion has been a perfect balance to keep that consistent. I've tried other lotions that claimed to be amazing (I'm looking at you Lush) and have either broken out of the ingredients have dried my skin out drastically.I will buy this again and continue to use it.
I have extremely dry skin...if I scratch my face in certain areas, like around my nose, skin flakes off, it's so dry. So of course I've tried every kind of moisturizer out there. This has worked the best for me. You only need a littlebit, I put it on and my face stays moisturized all day without my skin soaking it up and drying right back out. But it's definitely only for dry skin. Other people will say its greasy, but if your skin is truly dry like mine, It'll soak it right up and stay moisturized and it won't look greasy.
This is the only cosmetic product I've stuck with for over 25 years.  This powder has been around forever and there is a reason for that.  It has a very fine texture which applies perfectly.  It is also very inexpensive.  Most people would be able to use this powder without foundation, since it enhances and perfects the complexion so well. Unless you really need extra coverage, I recommend the basic translucent shade if you wear foundation, which should work with nearly every complexion.  The other shades are heavier and, if used with certain foundations, might not last as well for over 8 hours without caking.  On the other hand, the heavier extra coverage shades work very well without foundation.  I've tried Christian Dior, Lancome, Elizabeth Arden, and a million other loose powders and none of them compare to Coty.
Thank you Amazon for finding an importer for this makeup.  When Max Factor stopped selling in the US, I was devastated.  I then found it at another place online, but they stopped carrying it too.  I hope this vendor will continue the relationship with Amazon.This makeup is creamy, covers well, and comes in a variety of shades to blend with almost any skin tone.  And it is a lasting makeup.  I get several month's use from each tube.  I also love this makeup, because I no longer have to worry about spills when I travel.  It's not magic, but it will cover those flaws and blemishes, of which I have far too many.  It doesn't cake or look garish.  What else can you say?  It works!It is expensive, since it has to be imported, but it is worth the cost to me to.  I love using it that much.
I have two other foundations that I mainly use but this comes a close second to them.  Great coverage.  Stays put.  Easy to use.  What more could you ask for?  Maybe make it easier to find.  I've been so surprised at how many stores have dropped this product. I really love Max Factor and hope it doesn't get discontinued.  That would be a real shame for such a good brand.  Their mascara, 2000 Calories, is one of the best I've used too.  Went looking for it the other day in the store but no luck.  Thank goodness we can still get it here. :)
This is the stuff. And as pointed out by another reviewer, SPF 25 would definitely be a better precaution than 15 but this moisturiser is so good otherwise I can overlook it for now. The main aspect of it that appeals to me is that the product actually stays on the skin and keeps moisturising all day. On a face as dry as mine is that is a rare accomplishment. Other creams bite the dust in a few hours on me.A reliable product that does what it claims to do at an especially good price.
I tried this product while looking for a replacement for the Neutrogena Visibly Firm lotion that has now apparently been discontinued.  I am NOT impressed.  It reeks of "that sunscreen smell" and leaves my face feeling greasy for hours.  It does not work well under makeup - the face ends up with a somewhat smeary look, similar to the look you get on a hot day when you've been sweating buckets.  Additionally, it causes a very uncomfortable burning sensation if you get even the tiniest bit in an eye.I now only apply this product on my neck and d&eacute;colletage. While it does seem to work pretty well as a moisturizer, I will not be purchasing any more when the two-pack has been used up.Disappointing.
I'd been using the regular Neutrogena bar soap on my face for years, but I just decided to grab this one day while shopping.  I could not be more pleased!  I always thought my skin looked ok, but with this I actually love my skin!  Not to sound vain, but I look in the mirror and just think about how good my skin looks now and I don't even wear coverup!  IMO I think it makes me look younger too, but that could be wishful thinking!  This does not have the consistency of a cleanser, it does seem more like a lotion, but don't let that dissaude you, it is really great on the skin!
I have dry, sensitive skin. I've tried a number of cleansers like this one (Cetaphil, Ponds cold cream, Boots cleansing lotion, etc.) and this one seems to work the best. It takes make up off well and doesn't leave behind a 'filmy' feeling if you just wipe off.  If you do rinse with water, it doesn't leave you with a tight, squeeky-clean feeling. It really does leave your skin feeling moisturized and yet cleanses enough to get rid of the dirt and make-up!  I'm very happy with this cleanser and will purchase again.
I bought this cleanser for my husband. He was looking for something simple to help his complexion and he loves this stuff! I was sharing my own personal cleanser with him at first, but he didn't like that. I decided to try this for myself a couple of times. It doesn't foam, but it leaves your skin feeling squeaky clean. I also love the smell. With regular use, I have noticed a change in my husband's skin for sure. Good stuff! It looks smoother and brighter.
Okay - I agree with others that this face wash can be drying.  I would not use it.  However, my husband swears by it and I see his results.  He has been cursed with horrible problem skin that can have bad cystic acne breakouts even though he is in his fifties.  If he goes even a few days without using Deep Clean he will begin breaking out.  He is a firefighter and is usually very good about bringing all of his grooming items when he works a 24 or 48-hour shift.  Occasionally he forgets an item.  If this is the item , you can tell even if he had to use a different product for as little as one day.I have to believe what I see and his testimonial.
I've found this cleanser does a great job of removing light to moderate oil/dirt from the skin without overdrying.  It is a cream based cleanser with no abrasives in it, so it's very gentle on the skin as well.I usually rub a little bit on my skin with my hands, then wash it off with water.  This is good for when you just need a light cleansing.  You can put a little on a wash rag, then rub your skin with the rag if you need a more robust cleaning.Overall a great product.
When they say deep clean they mean it.  I have sensitive skin and don't normally use astringent products like this but right after I had my baby I was only getting the chance to wash my face about twice a week.  My normal cleanser (which I typically used every day) wasn't getting my face clean when used so infrequently so I tried this and it was a great find.  I understand why some people felt it was too harsh and I would never use it every day, but if you have oily skin and are only getting the chance to wash every few days this is a great way to go.  One problem was that it did dry out my lips if it ran over my mouth when I rinsed my face, so I spread a little petroleum on them first and that did the trick.
I love love love this cleanser!!! I'm changing products all the time to see if I find a better fit, but I always come back to this cleanser! It feels sooo good on my combination acne prone skin. It doesn't dry it out, however I can feel it cleanses very well. I like to leave it on as a mask during the time I brush my teeth (about 5 min or so), then when I rinse it off my skin feels amazing, there's a light tingling feeling and incredible deep clean sensation! They say it contains beta hydroxy, so I'm guessing it's acting a little kind of like very light peeling, refreshing your complexion every time...
I have been using this cleanser for years and I love it.  It does a good job cleaning your skin, while also leaving it soft.A few months ago I switched over to Biore Combination Skin Balancing Cleanser.  In comparing the two products, the Biore does a much better job cleansing your skin.  When I am wearing make-up, the Neutrogena Deep Clean always left a little reside behind.  The Biore, however, never did.But, after using Biore for 3 months, I decided to go back to Neutrogena for daily use.  The Biore was just too drying.  I never had a problem with dry skin with Neutrogena.  So, back to what I used for years before.  I'll still use the Biore for the few times a week that I wear make-up...but, for every other day, I am going to use Neutrogena.My husband also uses this and loves it as well.
Men...if you have large pores that get clogged up this is for you.  I started using this two months ago.  It will keep your pores clean and open.  After just one month I found that the pores on my nose were staying open and actually seemed to be slowly diminishing in size.  I have this as one of my many subscribe and save items... so I know it will be a good price and I know it will arrive with all my other sub/saves on the 1st of every month.
I don't use this often but when I do it feels great to my skin.  It cleans well, removes oil and dirt.  I like how does not cause that overdrying feeling once it dries.  It also seems to have a cooling aid too so if I happen to clean to harshly I won't tell.  For those who wear makeup from my understanding it's a good at removing it before bedtime.  This does cost a few bucks more than its competition Noxzema -- I don't see a big difference besides you paying for the name.  Nevertheless pretty good facial cleaner.
I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks. I get blackheads and sometimes acne, especially if I don't follow my skin reggie.I've been using this with some other Neutrogena products for about 8 months now.The texture is white and creamy. It tingles on the skin if you let it sit for a few minutes. I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower, then rinse with cool water. I use every morning.My skin reggie:Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every morning, as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only, change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face, don't pick blemishes
I love this mascara! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras, I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one. I don't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off. This if perfect; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great! And it doesn't have to be black; even the brown looks great! I like that it's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5. And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store...and it's delivered right to my door!
My wife likes this mascara as it thickens and lengthens without clumping. She has a favorite mascara and this one is as good as it is. She also likes that it is washable and easily removed.She doesn't care for the brush as much as others she has tried but she can live with it. One issue that frustrates her though is that the brush is short and it cannot reach the bottom of the tube and she feels that you cannot use all of the mascara that is available.She rates this at 5 stars and would buy it again. I have posted a photo for your information.
Almay make-up remover towelette like  wipes are much better than these Almay pads.  These pads irritated my eyes because they are scratchy and they have soooooo much oil on them.  One word: Horrible!  I have to use a paper towel to soak up the oil first before I put these on my eyes and it's still that bad.  I only got them because I love Almay make-up towellete like wipes.  Boy was that a big mistake.  Stay-away from these pads.
I have used both the moisturizing and the oil-free version of this makeup remover. Now, I will only rebuy the moisturizing one. The oil-free one was terrible.I can deal with having a bit of oil around my eyes after removing makeup, especially if it is moisturizing the area like it says it does. I end up going to sleep anyway after removing makeup, so it isn't a big deal. The formula is extremely gentle and it does its job without irritating the eyes. And if you don't want the oil around your eyes after removing the makeup, just take a towel and wipe it off. It is not a big deal.The oil-free one, on the other hand, irritated my eyes to no end! I couldn't even finish the container. My eyes became really red and bloodshot and I just couldn't keep using them. I am going to throw these out and re-buy the moisturizing ones.
I bought this because it was on the top ten colognes for men on some site i went too on google. Anyways, it smells really great and lasts all day. I work in a corporate office and its 8 hour days and this scent lasts well pass the time i get home. Warning: you dont need a lot of sprays for this, a few well placed squirts around the neck and the wrists and your good to go. I recommend this, it came well before the estimated delivery time, nothing was tampered with and it smells really great. Get this fragrance and smell like a BOSS!
Early in my married days we were living, well let's call it, a low-income life. With a baby on the way I picked up another (lower-cost) brand. The sticks were harder and the cotton wasn't nearly as puffy and soft.All I can say is that on this item you CAN tell the difference!So in my house we always carry the Q-tips brand of cotton swabs and I must admit we also use a decent (and soft) toilet paper as well.Some things just aren't worth skimping on no matter how tight your budget.
There's a reason why these guys have been around for years.  Their quality and price have made them the best value there is for cotton swabs.  They do the job, however interesting that that may be, and come back for more.  They're indispensable if you have a baby or young children, but they grow with you into adulthood as well.  There's some things you shouldn't buy the generic and this is one of them.  They've been around for years and for good reason - they're great!
The cotton on these unravels every single time I use them! I didn't have any troubles with the stick bending etc, but the cotton issue is terrible!! I bought these since they were on sale so cheap - 2 bucks - but now I regret it.I usually buy generic ones at the Dollar Tree, for a dollar of course, and those work perfectly well and NEVER unravel on me. I figured for the price, I'd buy these QTip brand, but boy was that a mistake. I can't even believe these things are so poor in quality, but yet the price is premium. Ripoff.
For starters, my hair LOOOOOVES color. Soaks it right up and does great with almost all cheapo home kits.I got to the color on the box from very dark brown in about 3 colorings that were spaced out, hence the 4 stars. I have a lot of red in my hair and it really kept the brassiness to the minimum while I worked on getting to a lighter shade. there is a lot of really nice dimension to the color as well, making it look naturally blonde.I also ignored the timing instructions. I always apply my color the same way (roots to ends) and leave it on for 45 minutes no matter what. I also cover my hair with a plastic cover to keep heat in and help the color set.I finally got bored of the upkeep this color required as far as roots go and went back to my natural, but it was a fun (and cheap) way to go medium blonde for a while.
I have very dark brown hair and for some reason it took me a while to learn that these feria blacks are just not good for your hair. not only does it strip my color out of my hair (my hair starts turning medium brown in spots after a week of this product) but my hair absolutely feels awful (course, dry, brittle) immediately after usage. loreals "last through 28 shampoos" creme gloss product is longer lasting than this so called permanent hair color. I think this crap needs to be taken off the shelves and they need to try again.
I discovered this color on what was my never ending search for the perfect bright copper red hair color. I found it once at  Target, then when I went back to get more, they were sold out. I went to every drugstore in the area for months and no one ever has it in stock. Finally I did an internet search and have been ordering it on automatic delivery ever since. The color is not for the faint of heart-it definitely gets noticed. I love it. I am stopped regularly by men-and women and complimented. There is no comparable product out there. I even went to a beauty outlet and worked with a sales person but the color came out more pink than copper. This is so much easier.
I like the ombre look. So i decided to try this after all of the tutorials Ive watched.Long story short, I think this look is okay.....Its definitely looks better with your hair curled, like a light wavy....But thats just my opinion....Its a very nice product, everything you need is right there in the box.You can achieve any look with this.i will say my first time, my hair did turn brassy copper color.But i bought a second box by accident and re did my color, and its a nice honey blonde.....
I rarely see copper colors in the drugstores so I was happy to find this on Amazon. I've been coloring my hair red for years but I have found that the coppery reds are much more flattering. And as I tend to leave the mixture on longer than required as i usually get distracted, this does not leave reddish- purply tones. When I colored my hair today I left in on for an hour and it looks rich and gorgeous. Feria colors don't seem to fade as fast either. Great product.
This did lift my medium brown hair to a yellow blonde. Which I toned down with a purple toner and now it is a lovely blonde.I left it in for 40 minutes after applying it to my hair. It took me about 20-25 minutes to complete the application so some areas of my hair had  60 minutes of contact with the product. That hair came out completely blonde. Next time I will leave it on a little longer.Left my hair in great condition in comparison to other brands I have tried.
I've been using this color off and on for a few years.  I find the feria line isn't nearly as drying to my hair as others.  My hair feels in great shape when I'm done.  I have a hard time keeping color on my hair (with any box or salon color) - my hair wants to turn blonde...even though my hair is brown and the roots come in brown.  I use this every 6-8 weeks, but my hair is usually pretty blonde when I do.  The color comes out great - no orange tints at all...which is a problem I usually have with other boxes.  I will continue to use and stop switching around!
I've been dying my hair for 10 years, and this is my absolute favorite blonde hair color! Feria seems to last longer than most home coloring brands that I've used. It smells nice, and it lasts longer than your average box color.New improved Feria boasts of "3X Shimmering Highlights"... and they're not lying! In the light, you can really see it shimmer. I can also pick out some highlights & lowlights if I look closely. I love it! This color itself (Dark Golden Blonde) is my favorite. I tell my sister it looks like "gold in a bottle", which is totally true!As a bonus, I love the conditioner that comes with it!If you want non-brassy color with rich golden/reddish tones, use this! You won't regret it!
Back in the day, I would have seen a girl with her hair like this and thought she needed to do her roots.  However, I had gotten sick of my plain dark brown hair and wanted something new.  I saw this at Target and went for it.  I have actually tried before with highlighting kits to do this but thanks to the Feria brush it is now much easier to get this look.  My hair at this time is shoulder length and I took the brush and bleach and at chin level created a new look.  It is really cute!  I curled the ends and can't wait to premier it.  If it gets accolades, I will update this review!!!  LOVE IT...In case my low votes are due to my lack of editing...SORRY, My hair did look fantastic and A LOT of guys liked it!  I have used this again and again.
This color is so bold and edgy, it is fantastically vampy. The color has blue undertones, which I learned after dying it over a few errant bleached blonde strands. This color does fade very quickly, and it should be noted that there is nothing natural looking about this color. L'Oreal Paris Feria has several natural looking shades of black--but this is NOT one of them. This color is simply too shiny and far too stark to be considered "au natural". Fortunately for me I was craving something more dramatic and quasi scene-looking. I'd recommend this for anyone desiring an edgy look. For those just wanting to touch up on dark strands--seek another product.
Bought this product at walmart for $10...  waste of money!!  I am mosltly platinum and had a few yellow tones and brassy streaks that I wanted toned out..  I've used feria before but just the darker brown colors.  It did tone out the yellow.. not so much the brass though....  the damage is horrid!!  It feels like it did the first day a bleached it from black..  save your money and your hair and go to sally's and get a quality lightening cream.
I'd been messing around with lighter shades of red for about a year before I came across this color. I loved being a strawberry blonde, but the deeper, darker reds always intrigued me. So, I picked this up at Target. I wanna say it was the same price as on here.. At first, I thought it was too outrageous. I don't want to attract attention everywhere I go. But then I started getting compliments. I mean, everywhere I went. I had people tell me it was the prettiest hair color they'd ever seen. And I have to say I agree with them!The only downside is that it didn't seem to last as long as I'd hoped. I use a color depositing shampoo so I expected my results to last a tad bit longer. Either way, I'm happy dying my hair every day if that's what it takes to keep my hair this beautiful!
I have been using this color regularly for 4 years. I love it.It's a very bright carrot-y color at first, but as it fades it becomes a very natural red. I have seen many surprised reactions when I tell people that I am not a natural red head.This is the ONLY brand that I will buy an orange-y red from. It's the only brand with the vibrancy I want.TIPS:-when dying your hair red spray windex on anything you accidentally get hair dye on (it'll come off near immediately)-DO NOT wash your hair for 3-4 days after dying your hair red (it helps lock the color in)-DO NOT use shampoos with sulfate in them (they cause the color to fade extremely quickly)-depending on how much it fades and how long it's been you may have to completely redye your hair instead of touching up on it because of the color difference between when you first dye it and when it fadesGood luck!
I bleached my hair to a mostly yellow, slightly orange color and then applied this product to take it to the next level, to the color I wanted my hair to be. Instead, my hair is yellow-blond. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice color, just not the one I was hoping for. For that reason, I would say it's not worth the time or money. However, I gave it 2 stars because the conditioner it comes with is FANTASTIC! It's a nice purple anti-brass conditioner that works like a miracle at toning brassiness (to some degree anyway...)and leaves your hair feeling healthy and smelling like heaven. But other than that, I'm disappointed with my result and I'm sure it's human error to some degree but I wasn't that far off and expected the tone of my hair to cool somewhat to be closer to what was on the package. Will not purchase again.
My hair was already platinum and I was simply trying to get the last of the extremely faint neon-ish banana yellow out, as my toners were not doing the trick and I did not want to bleach again.  I thought for sure this would do it, as it was really only ONE LEVEL to lift and this dye promises seven.  My hair STILL came out with yellow in it.  It's a VERY THICK substance and even with my extremely short and thin hair, I think it may have worked better if I had purchased 3-4...however at that point I may as well go to a salon or just bleach it again, it'd be cheaper and end in better results.  Basically, unless you are already an extreme platinum, this dye will not make your hair the colour on the box.  Furthermore, my dark blonde roots turned out neon orange.
I used the cool medium brown color and it's awful! I have medium brown hair and always use a medium ash brown color on it. That usually takes it 1-2 shades darker than my natural color. I thought Feria looked interesting because of the highlights. Well, it's trashed my hair. My roots are oddly lighter than the rest of my hair (lighter than my natural color)and the grey hairs didn't take the color AT ALL! So, now I have this weird looking hair color AND still have greys. I'll never use this hair color again.
I have stick straight, black Asian hair and was skeptical whether or not this would work or be too harsh, but it worked and looks great!PROS- I left it in my hair for 25 min and rinsed it out.  It is VERY subtle, I recommend leaving it in more for a bolder look.- Hair does not appear damaged, but then again I did not leave it in very long- Other people have complimented me on the new highlights and said it looks good- The end color is really beautiful and goldenCONS- You have to put A LOT of it in your hair (especially if you have long hair).  My problem is that I thought I had enough in, but I didn't.- It's a little challenging to apply evenly and get the back hairs in.  In my case, only the front portions changed colorI would recommend this and buy it again!
I love the L'oreal Feria color line and this is proof why I do. Every color I have used by them has been wonderful! I had Honey Brown hair and wanted a change. I didn't want a black with a blue base tone or a violet base tone, I just wanted black. My hair now is very black, shiny, healthy looking, and vibrant. It is kind of messy with the application (but what hair color process isn't?) I knew what to expect though since I use Feria quite often but someone who is trying it out for the first time might be surprised. My only advice is, use a towel. Fabulous product and the results are what I wanted.
I love this. I used to over in over color my hair blonde from Loreal and thena toner. omy it costs alot. I tried ash blonde and got purple tones.. so one day I waslike ok try this.. I am amzed. My hair is a light diamond blonde it is gorgous.I use the loreal shimmer blonde shampoo and cond. with this and wow so pretty.The color lasts me three weeks and feels and looks great. I also use a silk drops to makeit soft. It is nice. thanks..
I don't like spending a lot of money and I don't like going to get my hair done. Over the years I try to save money by buying the cheaper boxes but my hair never turns out the way I want it to. When I use Feria it comes out exactly how I want it each time. I also love that it's pretty much the only box that gives out true highlights. It's amazing. Other plus about Feria is that it comes with a lot of actual product. Meaning if you have long hair you only need to buy one box! In the end it's just better to spend a couple more dollars to make yourself look great. I've never had a problem with any Feria hair colors. I love it!
I wanted a coppery orange color and i had dyed black hair so i picked this up to strip the color out (this is something i've done before with other brands with no problem) however, this formula is so crazy thick it didnt spread at all and my hair turned out so splotchy because of it. This product was not meant to be your standard bleaching kit, its for people with already light hair who want to go lighter, If your dark like me and wanted to go lighter i suggest manic panic bleaching kit or splat.
I can't find this dye anywhere, firstly. Secondly. IF you're like me and you have dark, dark, brown hair, maybe you should look elsewhere. I actually came to this shade because I wanted a reddish tent to my hair.Anyway, this stuff actually shimmers, though my hair is no where near copper it is shimmering. I actually had shiny stuff all over my pillow for a week, so, just a heads up. I love the results I got. I closer to a copper chestnut than a sultry copper, but, like I said, copper was never my intention.
Don't bother! What a waste of time. On the side of the box it states what color your hair will turn out based on the color of your hair. My hair is dark brown/ black.  The turnout color would be a bright intense red, exactly what I wanted. What color did my hair come out? Dark brown/ black with a hint of red in the sunlight. Nothing like it states on the side of the box.  I pursed this product over another based on the color chart and spent extra to get it.  Won't ever buy from L'Oreal again!
The reason why it scared me is because this is my first time dying my hair and once my hair dried, it didn't look at all like the color. My hair looked like my natural color only with pink blotches here and there. I went to bed and the next day my hair color looked a little better and my hope was restored. I took a shower and noticed the water going down the drain was pink and I assumed the color was still washing out. When my hair dried this time, the color changed again! Now I'm watching my hair color as the days pass and it seems as if the color is still adjusting to the color on the box. So if you experience the same thing I am, don't panic. The color comes in eventually.
I have used conditioning sprays by dove, loreal (costs $9 a bottle!) and frizz ease. This stuff is by far the best and only $3 a bottle at the store. I haven't gotten my hair cut since FEB and it is now NOV and I dont' have any split ends. I use it on my son too because he gets "crib head" or whatever it is called where their hair is all nappy in the back from how they lay on it, even though he is 2. This is the best priced and best working spray. I use sulfate free shampoo, skip the conditioner and just use this. I have naturally curly hair if that makes a difference, it is a tiny bit coarse, it isn't thick or thin. This stuff doesn't weigh my hair down either or make it oily, I still only wash my hair every other day.
I've used this for years, and it's a must-have for helping to keep my heap of curls controlled and conditioned. I use a little every night after I shower and occasionally in the morning, and it really helps to keep my curly hair from tangling and the ends from splitting/frizzing. It also has a pleasant, light scent, and it's a good deal price-wise compared to other leave-in conditioners (many of which I've tried and not been nearly as impressed with).The only drawback is that I have very thick hair and thus go through a bottle of this in a month -- I wish it went a little further. Still, for the price it's hard to beat.
I have not been able to find this conditioner anywhere until I spotted it on Amazon. Because it's a spray mist, it's much easier to control where and how much I want to apply, which I like because my hair is fine and most bottled conditioners weigh it down, even after ample rinsing.  This spray also enhances the highlights in my hair - I don't know why since it's not meant to do that, but I don't mind. The scent is wonderful and light. I purchased a 3/pk for about $11 with free Prime shipping so for now, I'm a happy camper!  Thanks again Amazon.....
Never tried this brand before, I have super damaged hair from recently going from red to pink to platinum to black, this helps as a detangler,  though I don't think is actually doing anything to long term improve my damaged hair (I don't think any product would though). What I like most is it doesn't make my hair oily or greasy and I can still go 2 days between washings without getting the greasy look a lot of leave in products have over time. I give 3 stars because I'm just not wowed, still looking for something that will actually help repair my hair. As just a detangler it would be a 5 though.
I have very dry, thick, coarse, curly hair. Was skeptical about this product because of the cheap price, but I had used Aussie products years ago, and thought I'd try it. LOVED IT!Pros:Nice Scent. Light, and freshLeaves my hair shiny and softDe-tanglesInexpensivePrevents the "frizzies"Not heavy, greasy, or waxyRefreshes my curlsAs a side note, I use this product first, after towel drying. I then also use a conditioning balm, and sometimes a bit of gel. I find that I can "refresh" my curls the second day after shampooing with this product and it looks great. No bed head!
I bought a bottle of this a few years ago and it had tea tree in it and it was absolutely amazing stuff and really great for my itchy scalp. My hair never looked better. Now, they've replaced the tea tree with aloe and it now has a better pina colada type smell. Delicious, summery smell, by the way. Without the tea tree, the product is not as good as it used to be, but I will continue using it because the ingredient list is top notch and the smell is so yummy. There's really no need to spend more money buying salon products when you can get stuff that's just as good or better for a fraction of the cost. One bottle of this is $2.50 at my local Wal-mart. You can't beat that!
I'm becoming obsessed with hair products so now I always like to have something in my hair even when I'm not styling it. I love this product because it's a spray, and it's quick to use. It doesn't leave my hands sticky, and I can put it in my hair as soon as I get out of the shower. I use it before I use other hair products too. Plus, it smells really good!I mostly love it because it's a spray and not a cream. It's cheap, and I will definitely be buying this again when I run out.
this review does not address how well the product works or not because I only tried this out one day as a stand alone for the follwoing reasons:The scent of this is reminds me of the beach, sunscreen, or a tanning bed.  Since I don't live/work near a beach or have a need to wear sunscreen all day or smell like coconut I choose not to use this daily by itself.On to condition weight:  it's a light condition the doesn't weigh your hair down or make it appear oily in any way. On the negative I have very prone to frizzy hair and this doesn't help with that at all.Because I can't just use this product by itself due to the reason above, I will not review this any further.
This product smells great. It has a coconut/beachy/light smell that fades so it is not overpowering at all. I wash my hair with shampoo and conditioner, then spray it on my dry hair and comb thru. It leaves my hair super soft and smooth. I even used it a day after washing my hair when I woke in the morning to smooth out bed head. It does not leave your hair greasy or weighed down at all. Not sure how that is possible but I love it. I have atomic pink hair and it does not fade my color.
In my quest to find the best products for my hair, I purchased this leave-in on a whim, thinking the spray bottle would add convenience to my overall hair regimen. I was so wrong. This product left my hair extremely dry and difficult to manage. I expected it to work like other leave-ins and provide moisture, but all it did was suck the moisture out and leave behind something resembling a helmet. lol The bottle states that the product contains silk protein, but I think there is more protein than moisturizing ingredients, hence the hard hair. I will not be purchasing this again in the future and would not recommend it to anyone.
I love this leave-in conditioner and it's so hard to find! Glad to get it in an &#34;add-on&#34; deal. I'm a lap swimmer and have colored and highlighted hair but don't like wearing swim caps. Instead, I wet my hair and spritz this into it, so my hair is saturated and the chlorinated water rolls off. At least, I'm hoping that's what happens! My hair stylist suggested I do this and my color seems to last as long as it should.
I ADORE this leave-in conditioner! It smells nice, it works great, and it doesn't leave a nasty feeling residue in my hair! I have very curly hair, and live in a humid climate. This stuff was GREAT for humid days. I use it EVERY day after showering, before I put in any other products, and it helps keep my hair from damage due to styling products. If I use just the conditioner, it leaves my hair soft and less frizzy. It's WONDERFUL stuff, and Amazon has a GREAT price!
Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo is great for removing build up.  I use it weekly because my dandruff shampoo builds up after a while; my friend uses it daily because the many styling products she uses leave her hair looking dull.The bottle says for "normal to oily" hair, but my hair is dry and I've never had an issue with it drying out my scalp.This has to be the best bargain shampoo in the world.  If I didn't suffer from dandruff I would use it only a daily basis.
I have relied on Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo for many years for its ability to clean my hair and slightly oily scalp at a reasonable price.  It was an excellent alternative to theNeutrogena Anti-Residue Formula Shampoo.The last time I purchased this, I noticed that it was in a fancy new bottle and was tinted pale blue rather than being colorless.  When I got home, I was dismayed to find that Suave has also added a vaguely floral and unfortunately artificial chemical perfume to the formulation that irritates my eyes and sinuses and gives me a headache.I can no longer use this product.  I certainly hope that Suave will reconsider this change and go back to the original, almost-odorless formula.
I am an African-American woman with 4a hair. I gave this shampoo a perfect score because it thoroughly cleaned my hair and scalp with drying it out or stripping it. My hair has low porosity so it can easily collect build up. It is important for the health of my hair to keep it as clean as possible. I use it about once a month. I also love the price. I bought it at Walgreens for only 75 cents. I was surprised that such a cheap product could work so well. I recommend this product to anyone with any hair type. I'm sure this product will work just as well with naturally straight hair. I am definitely going to use more products from this brand in the future.
This review is from: Suave Naturals Shampoo, Daily Clarifying 15ozThis shampoo does clean the hair, but it leaves thinning hair blowzy and dry. It does not moisturize in the least. There is a scent to the shampoo, too, which, while slightly feminine isn't potent and clinging, surprises this consumer because this shampoo is advertised as hypo-allergenic. Scents do cause allergic reactions in certain people, as Amazon reviewers here attest. The scent doesn't cause me any allergic responses like headaches.What bothers me is that though this shampoo is for normal to oily hair, it strips the hair of all oil, leaving it clean but very dry.  Only a good conditioner can remedy the problem this shampoo causes. Also, this product contains the infamous lathering carcinogen, sodium laureate sulfate.
Granted, it is the industrial ingredient standard, but What Suave has done for the knockoff is what Armani has done for the couture industry. Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo (comes in clear-Blue or clear-White)washes away the daily grime of product use and can also be used to treat swimmer's hair in a pinch. For just under $2.00 it is a real gem, and if I wasn't such a die-hard Aubrey Organics fan, I'd use it every shampoo... Like I said, it's a real keeper (and great for all hair types) !  A+/A-
About the time my son turned four Johnson's baby shampoo - a household staple - began to fail us.  It wasn't getting his and his older sister's hair clean and so I set about to find a replacement.  Suave's Strawberry shampoo was it.This shampoo gets their hair clean and leaves it smelling nice.  In addition it works fine as a body wash, which means that I can clean the entirety of their sweaty, mud splattered little bodies with one product.  After using it for over a year, I can say that I've found no downside.  It doesn't dry out their skin or hair, and it's affordable.Four Stars.  Very Good Shampoo.  Smells nice and cleans well.  We use it as a body wash and it doesn't dry out or irritate my children's sensitive skin.Pam T~
This shampoo does not smell like strawberry. It smells like Jolly Rancher or Starburst strawberry flavored candy. Perhaps a bit like Marie Callender's frozen strawberry pie.  It is sweet and artificial, but not too strong. Nevertheless, I love it. It takes me back to junior high almost instantly  (when I was 12, I purchased any personal care product based on the way it smelled...bonus points for fruity). It lathers well and removes any conditioner product you might have used the prior day/week/year. If you have dry hair and are looking for conditioning shampoo, look elsewhere. This is a shampoo for stripping your hair of excess product. It is not organic, it is not eco-friendly, and it is not really natural. I use it when I need to clarify my hair (and take a nostalgic return to 9th grade).
I got this shampoo hoping that it would help my dried out winter hair. Well, it made it worse! I looked like Broomhilda afterwards; it stripped my hair of anything that it had left and I looked as if I'd stuck my finger in an electrical socket wet. I don't recommend it at all if you have dry hair. If your hair is oily, then I think this would be fine. It sure smells nice and clean though! Save your money for a professional brand - they definitely overshot the marketing on these!
I purchased several bottles of Suave Professionals Humectant Moisture Shampoo when Amazon had it on sale for $1.24. At that price, it was a real bargain. It is a decent shampoo, that didn't dry out or leave my "normal" hair greasy. The shampoo is a poor man's Nexxus or Paul Mitchell formula. Having used both of those over the years, the Suave version isn't as good. If you have dry or damaged hair, you may want to look elsewhere. Also, the current Amazon price is $5.99. There is no way I'd pay this for a Suave product. If you can get it on sale, and have "normal" hair though, I can recommend Suave Professionals Humectant Moisture Shampoo.
I TRYED AT LEAST TWO TONERS BEFORE AND NOTHING COMPARES TO THIS!! IT MAKES YOUR FACE SO REFRESHING AND CALM AFTER YOU WASH YOUR FACE. IT FEELS LIKE COLD WATER WITH SOOTHING ELEMENTS IN. PLUS IT'S NOT OILY LIKE MOST TONERS AS WELL. AND IT'S GREAT FOR ACNE PRONE SKIN.AND DRY OR COMBINATION AS WELL. I USE THIS WITH MY OLAY FOAMING FACE WASH FOR SENSITIVE SKIN. THEN MY ZAYPT ZIT GREAT TRIO.  BUT I HAVE ACNE PRONE AND THIS CALMS THE ACNE DOWN PERFECT. AND NOT OILY SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT YOUR FACE GETTING LIKE A OIL BUCKET. IT'S ALSO VERY CHEAP THEN LOTS OF TONERS SO DON'T THINK THE PRICE IS LOW CAUSE THE PRODUCT IS BAD. THE BEST OF THINGS COME IN LOW PRICES AND PACKAGES!! LOL THANKS AGAIN OLAY!!
I'm 75 years old, and I've been applying this gel every night for the past five or six years.  There's no way of knowing if the wrinkles would be worse without it, but I think it's helping, and it feels so wonderful when I apply it before getting into bed at night.The jar doesn't hold too much, but you use very little with each application.  And the 2-Pack is more economical than buying one at a time at a retail store.A good product at a fair price.
After reading all the reviews on this face powder I was a bit let down.  I have been using it for about a week now and it does not to seem to control the shine any better than all the other face powders I have tried.  I put my makeup on around 7:30 and around 9 am the shine is already coming through on my T-zone.  If I apply it every hour I suppose it would keep the shine down but the whole purpose was something I did not have to keep applying.  Also I got Golden and it is a bit light.  It is a nice feeling powder and I do like the case and the puff unfortunately it does not control the shine like I hoped.
This powder really does what it says, controls shine! I have relatively shiny skin, especially in my T-zone, so I have to dab it on there & it takes the shine right out. I don't have to continually re-apply, which I usually find myself doing with other shine free powders I've tried. My typical coloring is nude beige & this soft cameo matched my complexion perfectly. I will say that I am using L'Oreal Paris Magic Nude Liquid Powder Bare Skin Perfecting Makeup & they work perfectly together. I don't have to use much of either.
I've been using this stuff for years. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! It sets my foundation great.. & is even great without foundation & still has great coverage! I also use it for touch ups.. A LOT! It lasts quite awhile & doesn't feel heavy or cakey at all. I definitely recommend for someone who is looking for something that is JUST as good as high end powders! The only downside is the powder puff it comes with falls apart VERY easily. I bought my last compact just 3 weeks ago & its completely falling apart! But it's an easy fix because I just use my blush brush to apply it for touch ups. Just wish it came with a better quality puff. It's worth it though for the LOW PRICE! I just recommend tossing the puff & buying a better quality one that can be washed over & over or simply by using a powder/blush brush. Other than that I love this stuff!!
GOES ON MATTE which i hadn't even considered until after it had shipped and was already in transit. Which was nice because I'm Jamaican/Mexican with a medium brown complection that looks nothing like the color of the product in the picture.I have incredibly oily skin, this product has not eliminated, but has done wonders for keeping the gross oily spots at bay, for the most part anyway.The only con and the one reason it isn't 5 stars is that i still have shine, but not nearly to the degree that it was before. this has done wonders for my self esteem. I would highly reccomend to anyone who has shine problems :)
I don't wear a lot of make-up.. just mascara and eyeliner so I didn't think I needed this but I got it just because i felt it i should since i do go to bed with that little make-up on and i keep reading and hearing its bad for the skin somehow. so yeah i got and its alright, it gets most of what i have on my eyes off, but not all ( i think i need one for waterproof) unless im doing it wrong idk. but yeah if you need a little make-up remover this works just fine. No itchiness, no irritation, no blurred vision (obvs don't rub it into your eyeballs) and i always rinse it off. its also convenient which is the No.1 thing for me. I love Maybelline so yeah, not bad
My wife is writing this review for me:  I have tried all different eye makeup removers, either they are greasy or don't remove enough eye makeup or leave mascara behind.  This Maybelline remover works so very well, removes all of my makeup, doesn't leave my eyes greasy or leave remnants of mascara behind.  It even removes waterproof mascara.  I used Lancome for a while, and honestly, this works better and is so much less expensive.  Everyone should at least try it before buying expensive brands.
This powder has a wonderful, fine, silky consistency and a pleasant smell that doesn't linger. It goes on smoothly with the included puff and controls shine for a long time--maybe not all day, but for several hours, at least. I have mostly normal/combination skin, with a forehead that can get oily and cheeks that tend toward dryness; this controlled shine all over without making any part of my face dry or itchy. It didn't reveal flaky patches or make the thin skin under my eyes look wrinkly. It's difficult to evaluate the finish because it doesn't really match my skin tone. I would expect a powder that only comes in light or medium to be more neutral, but this has a noticeable yellow tone.
Recommended.I have used this to set my L'oreal True Match liquid makeup for years. I have fairly pale skin, and this is the only powder I've found to match my skin tone. Most powders have a tendency to run pink, and I have decidedly warm undertones, so I was pleasantly pleased to find a powder that won't turn my face orange. I have also used CoverGirl's similar powder foundation, which runs slightly more pink than this (though I'd probably classify it more neutral...), and I have a tendency to buy whichever one's cheaper at the drug store. I do not, however, like the powder puff that comes with this product. It's the thin, flat, cloth-type thing that might work better for some people but cakes the powder over my foundation. Whenever I purchase this powder, I use my own face brush to apply it.
I went on a product-kick to find solutions for my super oily face and this is my favorite product I've found. I also bought de-slick spray from Urban Decay and Basis face wash but haven't noticed a big difference from either of those (Urban Decay's complexion prep spray is much better than the de-slick spray, FYI).This product REALLY cuts down on my oil issues! You can wear it alone for some light coverage and to feel clean when lounging around or wear it over/under makeup to stay looking matte much longer. If you've got super oily skin, you need this. Don't expect all your problems to be solved.. you'll still need oil blotting sheets and your usual methods, but I find this to be a big help. For under $5, you can't go wrong!
Maybelline Volum' Express Mascara is so much better than Great Lash.  It goes on evenly and lengthens without clumping.I always use my mascara long past the three month suggested shelf life and it doesn't get dried out very quickly.  (However using mascara after six months puts the user at a risk of infection, so be warned.)And it really is waterproof.  You'll need a reliable mascara remover if you want it to come off your lashes.  I've sat through tear-jerkers wearing Volum' Express and come out without a smudge (much less racoon eyes!)
This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!
This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!
Lies lies lies. I shouldn't have believed these positive reviews!! This is like mascara from early 90s or something, just black stain on your lashes, that put your lashes TOGETHER and clump. Oh yes it's waterproof so it gets a one star, thats the only good thing about it....it definitely isn't pretty!!!! And NO IT DOES NOT ADD ANY VOLUME. Wasted my money thank u very much! Sigh. I want my money backkkkkkkkkk!! Grrrrrrrr and I bought this for my wedding!!! D:&lt;I should've gotten l'oreal voluminous waterproof mascara instead......
I guess the coverage is ok, but I don't like the texture.  It doesn't feel creamy and glide on like I want it to.  It has a dry feel to it during application, but your skin doesn't look dry after you apply it.  As I'm applying it, it dries up too quickly, and then I have to get more from the bottle.  A little does not go a long way and I have to really rub to get it on.  It also looks streaky after I'm done.  It's hard to explain, but I just don't like it.  I prefer cover girl.
To be honest, I wondered if this makeup was going to be good, because it was sold at a MUCH lower price than I paid in the store, but the ONLY difference was that it did not come in a box or package (except package it was shipped in, lol). The makeup itself is exactly the same. I like this L'Oreal product, it works very well for making my skin tone look even, and it lasts all day. I definitely recommend the seller, and will buy again myself.
I am always searching for a foundation suited for my olive skintone. This color was perfect in caramel beige and for my type of skin , Dry with oily t zone. I was so shock to find a foundation which covers minimizes my  discoloration on my cheeks and makes my skin look so much better. I was so happy ordered several more for not to run out. Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.The product is medium coverage , applied it in sections and don't need that much, this gives a better coverage to your face. Please use a light hand on application. I notice some women like to rub in their foundation like lotion. A big no , no.Thank you ,Native Rose
I've has this lipstick for such a long time, and you cant find it in stores anymore :(. I don't use this by itself, I use it for a perfect ombre lip. I take any lip liner and outline my lips, and hen fill in the sides. Then I take this lipstick and put it on the center of my pout. Then I smush them together, and I have a nicely faded ombre lip. I get compliments every time. I have found that my ombre lip works BESTEST ;) with this lipstick. I've tried it with mac ones and its never as good! This lipstick is a staple in  my collection. Very quick shipping !
I recently bought two gorgeous colors of Revlon lipstick: Fabulous Fig and Highbeam Tan. I was pleased to discover that the Fabulous Fig rates surprisingly safe on the EWG Skindeep site, but the Highbeam Tan has a poor score and is full of parabens and other junk. It's too bad, because Highbeam Tan is such a fantastic color. I wish companies like Revlon would clean up the ingredients in their products. It isn't that hard, or that expensive, to make lipstick that contains safer ingredients. The Fabulous Fig vs. the Highbeam Tan is a perfect example of this.
I love the formula for the Revlon Super Lustrous Lipsticks - I own a handful of different shades and this was an excellent addition.  The lipstick is creamy but not sticky and doesn't bleed even without lip liner.  The shade is very opaque and gets good color on one swipe, but I find it has better staying power after a dab with some tissue and then reapplication.  The color itself is perfectly neutral for my lips, evens the color out slightly and adds the barest natural pink to my lips.  Not sure how that'll help other people, but I've got lightly tanned/olive skin tone for some perspective.  10/10 would buy again.
I bought this for my mom who loves the color. She wants me to get a couple more because she's wants backups.I tried it several times and I would say the formula is VERY good for a lipstick at this price point. It doesn't last amazingly long and isn't as AMAZING as some of the more expensive lipsticks I own (Estee Lauder, Mac). But the difference in price is HUGE. And if you're okay with several touch ups in the day, it makes a good every day lipstick.
I have some dry patches no moisturizer seemed to be able to control over the course of a day.  I know this is a night cream, however, I've been using it in the day mixed in with my sunblock and it lasts all day.  I haven't seen those dry patches in the last month or so since I started using it.  I don't know about wrinkle control just yet but I does work very well for me as a moisturizer.  It does have a scent to it, I don't consider it offensive but I grew up in a time when most beauty products had some scent to them some more than others so I don't mind it.  It doesn't linger.
I read the rave reviews about using it for years through many generations and the benefits of using it. I am in my early 50's so I wanted to get rid of forehead wrinkles and facial lines. I think I got better results in Ponds. This rich cream may need to sit on the face at night but I don't do night creams-messy. It seems it blends in nicely with a little moderate rubbing but I just didn't notice much difference in my apperance. It's just ok with me not bad and not great.
First, other reviewers are correct that what is pictured is not what you'll receive. The shape is different, the handles aren't the same shape, the pads are silicon rather than the rubber we're used to, etc. It threw me for a moment... but then I used the curlers. I have used Revlon lash curlers for as long as I can remember and love them. This actually curls my lashes better than all the ones I've previously owned so I don't care that they aren't what is pictured. I don't know if it's the slightly bent shape, the larger head, the silicone pads, or what, but my lashes are completely curled - nice sweep-up effect - and the curl seems to stay much longer. I highly recommend them.
I have tried almost every conditioner on the market and found that most are too rich and weigh my hair down or they don't moisturize enough and left a rat's nest out of my hair.  Of course the superexpensive (Fekkai) ones work great but I get tired of paying that much money all the time. I was very pleasantly surprised that this conditioner worked PERFECT. My hair felt conditioned but it was not weighed down and it had some body. This has a very light, pleasant scent. I highly recommend this to anyone just to try and see and at this price its not an investment.
YUCK!!!Too bad there's no option for zero star reviews, 'cause this soap deserves one.After three uses, I have broken out in one of the nastiest cases of contact dermatitis that I've had in years.  If you're even slightly sensitive, I've avoid this one like the Plague.Two Weeks Later:  I still have remnants of the rash on my extremities.  I fully expect another week to pass before it all goes away.I contacted Kiss My Face customer service.  Here's their response:Thank for taking the time to write and for your feedback.  Sorry that you are less than pleased with this KISS product. I'll definitely pass your feedback on to our product development team. We love hearing from our customers even when it is less than stellar, and we absolutely do take your input into consideration when developing new products or when tweaking our current line of products. Please feel free to contact me if I can be of further help.
This soap is just ok; it sort of makes my skin feel a bit like it has a film on it or something, but perhaps I just need to get used to it.  I quit using sulphate soaps, and I use this or Dr. Bronner's Tea Tree Oil soap.UPDATE: I really love this soap, and my skin loves it too.  I have VERY sensitive skin, and I can't even use soap with a wash cloth, because I will itch when I get out of the shower if I do.  I really like how delicate this soap is on my skin.  I slather my arms and legs in coconut oil after the shower, and my skin has no irritation at all.  I will probably use this soap forever, as it cleans, but it doesn't make my skin angry.  The bar also lasts FOREVER; I have been using it everyday now for several months, and it's only halfway gone.  Great deal for the money :)
This soap is AWESOME! I first found it at a discount store and the single bar lasted 8 months. I wash my face with it twice per day. Olive oil is the perfect for any skin type. Its nature's perfect moisturizer. The bar itself is extremely large so that it will not fit in a normal soap container. I was tempted to buy two just in case but its so large I will have it for awhile. Now that I think about it, I will buy more at the current price. You never know when it might go up in price.
I feel the need to write a review of this product mainly because of all the reviews saying its caustic.First let me say I am a soap maker and run a very successful business making cold process soap. Sometimes I don't get a batch made for myself and I have to buy some,so this was convenient and I bought it even after reading some of the terrible reviews. I have several means of testing soap for caustics I used every single one on this bar before using it on my skin,this soap is in NO way caustic! It's a pretty nice basic soap, a large bar, and came at a good price.When I neglect to have soap made for personal use I will definately purchase this product again.
I've bought this before at the drugstore and used it until it was gone.  The smell is light, the formula is light; it was just a good option for using a dab to stay hydrated without feeling greasy.Problem is, either they changed the formula or I got a bad batch.  Now, even if I apply the thinnest layer to my face, using a dot smaller than the size of a pencil eraser, I get this weird greasy feeling all over.  Shortly after that is what I call "the water stage," where as if by magic, my entire face seems to have a fine sheen of water just sitting right on top.  I seriously have to go pat dry with a towel, because it looks like I've worked up a sincere sweat.  I don't know what's wrong with this product, and I'm holding onto it to try in the dry winter months, but I'm not optimistic.  At this point, I would not order it again.
This is more thin than I thought it would be. I guess I was expecting Pond's thickness, but I didn't want to buy Ponds which is a little greasy for me. Hydra Renewal smells so nice and feels good going on. It doesn't go on oily and soaks into my skin well. I have no problems using it on my face, around my eyes and neck area. I have had no problems applying sunscreen directly after and didn't end up with a greasy mess on my face.  I like the price, too, which is affordable. This product is available at Walmart, as well.
Love the smell and texture of this creme, a very small amount goes a very very long way. The smell is simply clean and makes you feel good, and I am very sensitive towards fragrances in lotions especially on my face.I did try this out under my make up, when i wear my Mac Studio Fix, I prefer to use Mac's prep and prime , as with only the moisturizer it seems to make my make up just a bit uneven, not badly, but i saw a bit of a difference.Might try it under the Prep and Prime as I am not sure if the Prep and Prime will give my dry prone face enough moisture.But i do love using this moisturizer to use with my cinema secrets creme foundation pallet, (must try ladies, and amazing beauty product)Overall I love the creme, will definitely re order, and for my break out sensitive prone skin, no issue either. Definitely recommend
I've only been using the product for a week morning and night and can say that it works for its intended purpose that I got it for. Within two days I saw drastically reduced puffiness and after four the dark circles were diminished enough that I felt okay without makeup to cover my severe dark circles.Granted, they are still there a little, but it has only been a week. All in all, I say it works pretty well considering I didn't really have high expectations at all. I'll wait and see if it holds up over time.I don't have any wrinkles around my eyes yet so I can't speak for that part, but maybe it'll help keep them away.
I agree with the reviewer below me..I have used nothing else but this product for over 15 yrs. I have tried so many $$$$$$$$$$$ nothing works better than this.Some products are much too aggressive for the eye area.Having very sensitive skin/eyes, everything I have ever tried irritates my eyes, or is to heavy & greasy.This removes the dark circles, feels extremely cool when applying, is not greasy, but moisturizes & keeps those lines in control .I use it morning & night, can be put in fridge also for hour or (2) before if your eyes are puffy, works wonderfully for that !It's perfect, I hope it never gets discontinued I would be lost without it.Thanks
I've used this for a few months now and this just moisturizes. For reference, I have normal, slightly oily lids. My eye area is incredibly sensitive to retinol. I have really dark circles, mostly due to genetics.Pros:-my skin has not reacted negatively to this product-first ingredient is water, making this a good starter moisturizer for beginners-does not sting or bother my eyes much if I accidentally get some in-affordableCons:-does not get rid of dark circles. There is white shimmer in this gel, which will reflect light making it seem like your dark circles are lighter.-does not get rid/fill in fine lines.-dries tacky. I've varied the amount I put on and there's still a tacky residue through out the day. Might be good for those who use makeup.Although I wouldn't buy this again, I would definitely recommend this product to those just starting out with eye creams. Also, this seems like it will last me a long time. I do use this twice a day.
I have been wanting to try a menstrual cup out but was hesitant. I decided to try these rather than the diva cup or reusable ones. I like the fact I can just throw it away. I was surprised I actually like this product!When inserting push back and down not up. I have not had a leak with this technique. I have not had any issues with it coming out. If you bear down too hard it might come out though. I put the garbage can right in front of me when taking the cup out. I really don't think it's messy at all. I pull it out slowly and am careful not to spill. You will obviously get blood on your fingers but you could put gloves on if it bothers you. I have not tried taking out or inserting a new cup in a public restroom. I would rather do this at home. It is really nice not having to worry about changing a tampon all the time!
I know there are some very long reviews about these. Here are my suggestions:1) watch the Youtube video and read other blogs/reviews on how to put them in. I had success my first time using and I think the extra research helped.2) I do feel pressure; it isn't true for me that you don't feel anything. I don't seem to have any extra cramping or discomfort other then feeling pressure in my lower, lower abdominal area though.3) I suggest taking these out in the shower if you can or follow the directions about using a medical glove so you have something to put it in to throw it away.I bought these mainly to use for intimacy during that time of the month and for that purpose these have worked great. I don't use these exclusively and still use tampons/pads as well. My partner has been thrilled with the results.
I was so hopeful about these. I wanted an alternative to tampons that was healthy and environmentally-friendly (and cheaper!) So I was excited to try them. But it wasn't at all what I was expecting. I don't want to get into vivid details. But basically, I was not warned that this would be such a MESSY ordeal. Not to mention it's not at all convenient. I do not want to leave it in for too long, because if I do, I know it's not absorbing any fluid, so I worry about leakage, or the horrible mess that it will make all over my hands when I try to take it out. GROSS! Also, the thing itself is absolutely huge. I imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies. I believe there was a reason tampons became so much more popular than these methods. Sorry, but I've got to switch back.
I saw this and figure I would give them a try. When I finally got to use them I read the directions and scanned the square and watched the video. It took a few tries before I got it in place.( I have a injured back so there's not a whole lot I can do. ) I would stay in place for about three hours and then I would have to push it back in place. I still think it would be better if them did come in different sizes because I do feel it is to big. It might just be me cause I haven't had any kids.
I'm prone to yeast infections, so I try to avoid tampons, which can be irritating.  I've tried two different brands of menstrual cups, both of which were a challenge to remove!  With Softcup, they're super easy to insert and remove.  And while they're not reusable like menstrual cups, they hold just as much and, frankly, I don't want to bother having to wash one.  The fact that they're disposable make them really convenient.  Once they're in, I can't feel them at all, and they don't press on my urethra like menstrual cups do, so it's no problem to pee with them in.  I've worn these on an off for years and have never had any problems with leaking either.
waaaaay awesome that you can use during intercourse. the boyfriend doesn't like it so much for his purposes, but other lovers haven't seemed to notice or mind. easy to clean and toss... i feel a bit guilty about the waste, but mother nature can suck it. we gotta deal with this bleeding, she can deal with my polluting. i make up for it in every other way anyway; i don't even use makeup remover wipes! no bleached cotton growing bacteria all day, no changing every 4 hours, no drippy pee string, no dirty silicone cup to boil, no feeling it at all, no fuss at all, really.
I had been using the DivaCup for a while and had a lot of success with it, but when I lost it a friend  gave me a pack of the softcups she had used once and didn't like. I thought since I had liked the other brand this would be much the same way... it wasn't I don't know how many times I tried to readjust things and try different angles or higher/lower inside the vaginal walls, I couldn't stop the cup from leaking. It wasn't horrible, but it was enough to ruin a couple of pairs of panties which ensured that I wasn't saving money on this alternative item and that I won't be using the brand again. It was an utter disappointment... I'd say try another brand instead like DivaCup or Lunette, I had good experiences with both.
Clean and Clear Face Wash really works. I really love it. It has a cool minty tingle that makes your face feel refreshed, and it really prevents pimples. In general, I have pretty clear skin and this face wash keeps it that way. I go through this product so often that I am constantly buying it. Only, I have one recommendation. Be very careful with this product. It is very strong and it will bleach your clothes and towels. This happened even when I used it in the shower. Make sure to use a white towel or a towel you don't care about. Besides for that problem, the product works great and I am very satisfied!
I have been using this cleanser since my late teens. It is one of the best OTC acne medicines available, and slightly cheaper than other drugstore cleansers like Neutrogena. When used twice a day, the Clean and Clear greatly reduces the number of pimples I get. Also, it contains menthol, so it feels pleasantly tingly on skin (but do not get it into your eyes; it burns like the flames of he11!). There are only two drawbacks to this product: 1) It will dry out your skin, so wear a lotion and 2) The active ingredient, benzoyl peroxide, is a bleaching agent, so it will bleach fabric. I recommend using old wash cloths to wash your face and be very careful not to get it on your clothes.
I've been using this for about 6 months. Before I had been using Proactive. Proactive worked great for me for a while but eventually stopped clearing up my skin so I switched to Clean and Clear Continuous Control. My skin cleared right up and stays clear other than whiteheads. The only problem is that it's a little harsh on my skin. Usually irritates it if I leave it on but for a second. It also dries out my skin a lot. So I use it every other day. I get a couple pimples by using it every other day but it is still better than Proactive and AcneFree.
it is way to strong for my face, i had use a dime size all over my wet face and then rinse,after i look in the mirror my face was red all over.it went straight in the garbage,but what i do like is clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub,it smell really good and leaves my face super soft,so i will continue to use clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub,as for the clean and clear continuous control acne cleanser never again will i put that crap on my face.
I dug this stuff out from under my cabinet...I had vowed never to use Clean and Clear again after my disaster breakout with the blackhead cleanser. But since this had no beads to irritate my skin, I decided to give it a try and it really worked!! 2 days after putting it on once or twice daily, I could see breakouts that were starting to come had faded, and my blackheads were actually disappearing from my nose! There's a little bit of a stingy feeling, and if you get it in your eyes it hurts like a bitch, and your face is pretty red afterward, I'm assuming from the chemical contents. But it makes your skin smooth as a baby's bottom if you use it everyday, so your skin has a daily regimen and can fight breakouts. I highly recommend and will be back to buy more&lt;3 I'm a 15 year old girl if that helps.
I will admit -- I do feel this product was helping reduce my acne. However, I developed a really nasty yeast infection about two weeks in (sorry to be gross but want to give an honest review) and I also noticed a weird stinging sensation in my lower abdomen. I did some online searching and noticed some people say they develop gastro issues with this product. I didn't add anything else new to my routine and haven't had a yeast infection in years. May be totally un-related but once I stopped the product, my stomach issues stopped. I think this is a good product, but for me, the side effects were not worth it.
It's whatever.Been using the whole month but see no difference, maybe it's just me?Anyways, it shouldn't take more than 2 weeks to clear up your acne and maybe 2 months to completely rid of the scars. The pills didn't do much as far as I can see, but the cream helped a bit. But you have to mix it with moisturizer or you get SO DRY!And don't even think about putting make-up on over it because you'll get cakey as as a burnt biscuit.idk, guess some ppl had success? It's cheap so you have a 50-50 chance of it working, it may be worth a shot. but didn't work for me =/
I tried this a few years ago as a teenager, when I had some acne.  It was nothing horrible, just a few pimples here and there.  I saw this at the store and gave it a try, did everything I was supposed to and the pores under my eyes increased in size.  I had larger pores after using this product and it took me a while to reduce their size.  I didn't have much acne to begin with and this did seem to help, but the increased pores were a negative.
I tried this product for 2 months and i have to say it didnt do anything for my acne. I am the type that breaks out when my period is about to start and using this pill didn't change a thing. I broke out just as i normally would and this last month even while using the pill was nearly the worst i've had. I'm sure must just be a coincidence. I am not saying this is not a good product as we have to keep in mind one thing can't and won't work for everyone as we all have different skin types. This just isn't for me and i have discontinued using this product and cannot really recommend it.
this is one of my all time favorite products. It really evens out your skin tone and makes your skin glow! I use it at night before I go to bed and when I go to apply my makeup in the morning after my shower you can really see how even this stuff has made my skin appear. I'm 34 with no wrinkles and a few fine lines and I guess I had uneven skin tone because this stuff will make your skin looking absolutely amazing! fast absorbent, no smell - great results!
I've only recently started incorporating toner into my facial cleansing program, but this is my favorite that I've tried so far. This toner leaves my face feeling very clean, yet soft (not tight or itchy), plus it has the benefits of an Alpha and Beta hydroxy. It really does help keep my pores cleaner, and therefore smaller over time. I find it to be perfect for my combination/oily skin, but for those with dry or sensitive skin the alcohol might be irritating or overly drying.
I washed my face with this once yesterday, and once the day before and yesterday in the evening, a good portion of the right side of my face and a few under my chin broke out in ugly hives! It itches horribly and it really hurts. To make matters worse, I had to go to work looking like this. I didn't want to put on makeup that would irritate my skin so I was forced to leave the house looking like a pepperoni pizza. :(And also, when I was washing my face with this, I noticed that the scrubbing beads in this were SCRATCHING my face. Not a comfortable exfoliation, but like sandpaper. And this cleanser has a very noticeable chemical smell to it. I wish that I had never wasted my money on this product, and I wish that I had never put this on my face!
I use this toner every night after I wash my face.  I've been using it for several months now and I see such a difference in my skin.  My pores look smaller and my skin even looks a little less red!  My skin is clearer and just looks brighter. My skin is more on the dry side and I don't find this toner drying at all.  I always moisturize after the toner had completely soaked into my skin and it's worked well for me.  My skin is also on the sensitive side and this hasn't irritated my skin at all.  As soon as I run out, I will purchase this product again, because I love it so much!
I purchased this after reading reviews on multiple sites and seeing this toner ranked as one of the best when it comes to drug store brands.I've been using this every night for three weeks (I've skipped it by accident roughly 4 times) and my skin is noticeably clearer. Within a few days I noticed some of my trouble areas looked better and while the clearing process has been slow its noticeable and the progress steady. I also haven't seen a "new" blemish since adding this to my regimen.It hasn't done much for blackheads so a few days ago I purchased an exfoliant to address that issue around my nose.Overall I am very happy and will likely repurchase this when it runs out.
I use this approximately every other day due to the drying it causes but after a week or so, my pores were visibly reduced, not gone just not as noticeable. Just a splash on a cotton square and I go in upwards motions after my morning face wash and before I moisturize. I will continue to use but will not use everyday as my skin is prone to dryness. It worked in all areas of my face, my nose and forehead were most noticeable to me and now they are much smaller. Recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to reduce size of large pores.
My skin is pretty oily and the pores are larger than I'd like. After using this cleanser for 3 months or so, I do notice a difference.Texture was what I picked up on the first time I used it. It is pretty thick, and the beads are definitely micro. It didn't feel real grainy, which I liked. A little goes a long way, and since this tube is so big it should last a while. I haven't even used a quarter of mine yet.I use this along with Origins Zero Oil Moisturizer and Origins Clear Improvements Charcoal Mask. I found them to be pretty effective at making my pores look smaller, cleaner and less overall oil production. It has a really good price point. Many a department store cleansers can cost 3-4X as much.It does work over time, so don't expect to see much difference in the beginning. I will buy it again and continue my routine. I've seen good improvement in the last few months.
I have oily, acne-prone skin that is also sensitive and prone to redness when trying new products. Since Neutrogena's whole advertising campaign from pretty much day one has been all about how gentle their products are, I decided to try this stuff. Well... my face didn't like it. I used it nightly for 3 days, and on day 4 noticed red, dry patches on my face. By day 5 the patches began to flake, and I stopped using it.Since I didn't use this toner long enough to see whether it made a difference in my pore size, I can't speak as to its effectiveness. But if you're like me and have tried many acne products on your face, and have developed sensitive skin as a result, this is not the product for you.
I am prone to breakouts and have tried Proactiv - which does work but it is too expensive for me to keep using, especially since my problem is hormonal/occasional. This product fits my needs perfectly. Whenever I see or feel a pimple coming on, I just take a Q-tip immersed in this astringent and clean that area - and that area only. I try not to wipe my whole face with it because it is drying. Last month my whole upper chest/neck area broke out for some reason. That was when I diligently wiped that area 2x a day, morning & night. Took care of the problem immediately.
I've tried other astringents, and this one is the perfect balance of effective cleansing without overdrying.  Those who use this product alone probably do not get great results, but this is designed to be part of a skincare regimen, including moisturizing.  I use a mild face wash, then I use this astringent to help remove any makeup that did not get removed by the face wash (makeup remover gives me breakouts).  After that, I use Neutrogena Anti-Wrinkle Anti-Blemish lotion.  It's a very simple regimen, but extremely effective.  I've tried other astringents in the same regimen, but they dried out my skin and had noticeably higher alcohol content, likely the cause of the over-drying.
I am 21 and have had combo skin for years and years, dry in the morning, oily throughout the day! i love this product though! i use it on my face every morning when my skin is a bit flakey, and it makes my skin so soft! my moisturizer goes on smoothly finally! a bottle lasts a long time, i very rarely break out, and i have noticed a significant difference in the amount of oil on my face at the end of the day! i still have some but much less! my only complaint is that it does nothing for blackheads, i still have those...
This is an excellent astringent, I had my doubts with products touting  "oil eliminating", "oil free" as they never seemed to work. This product does exactly what it's supposed to. The smell is similar to theNeutrogena Clear Pore Scruband it does not burn like some astringents do. I follow this with theNeutrogena Visibly Even Daily Moisturizer, SPF 30in the morning. I consider this product my "holy grail" in my skin care regimen. I kills the bacteria without killing my skin cells. It's an excellent product.
I use Neutrogena Body Clear in lieu of other shower gel or soap rather than in combination with it. One thing I like about it is it takes much less of this scrub to be as effective as larger quantities some other body washes I've used - one bottle lasts several months for me. It is also much harder to squeeze out of the bottle. Once you get down to the end of the bottle, you have to pry off the cap to get it out - not exactly convenient. The odor is a little bit too sterile for my tastes, but it seems effective as an exfoliator and leaves me feeling clean. While it hasn't really combatted my minor body acne/KP that I can tell, it has kept it under control. I haven't found anything better in effectiveness or bang-for-buck in terms of shower gel or bar soap. I recommend it.
I have very sensitive skin so I have to be careful about what products I use when I have breakouts on my body (notably my shoulders and back).  My dermatologists recommended that I try the Neutrogrena Body Clear Body Wash, Pink Grapefruit for when I broke out.  She was adamant that I did not use it on a daily basis because my sensitive skin and she is right! This body wash is great for when you breakout during the summer months- the salicylic acid treats your pimples.  It does so quickly and without much irritation to my sensitive skin.  However, I thought because it was rather gentle when I did breakout that I could use it on a daily basis- WRONG.  After using it for about 5 days in a row, my skin was extremely irritated and very dry.  I would recommend that sensitive skin people only use this product when they breakout or KNOW they are going to breakout, otherwise it will dry out your skin.
I am a hormonally challenged female and have been suffering from bacne lately, though it isn't typical. I decided to go ahead and try this body wash to see if it would help. What do you know -- just a day later and it was working quite well! I still have little blackheads, but no more big, really noticeable zits. I combined it with a really great exfoliating loofah and the skin on my back has gotten much better. It does smell pretty gross though - my husband thought he smelled something rank this morning in the shower, but I told him it was probably the body wash and when he sniffed it he confirmed. If you can deal with the smelliness while you're washing then it's worth it. I don't find that it leaves a residual smell at all.
I have had a really  hard time finding an acne cleaning body wash that I like. They either smell terrible or leave my skin feeling filmy. For me this is the second best smelling one out there. It could, however, do without the silly little pink beads in the soap.I prefer Neutrogena's Stress Control Body Wash for scent but I have a hard time finding it. It seems to be gentler as well. This, however, is really the only substitution if you can't find the Stress one.
I've used this product for several years, and I love it. It smalles wonderful, it rinses clean, unlike some other body washes that I've used that leave residue. It's also not too drying, which is good, because my skin dries out really easily.During the summer, though, I tend to get blemishes on my shoulders and chest, and I've switched to the Neutrogena Body Scrub, which I find deals with acne a little better. It comes in an identical bottle to this, and has some exfoliating beads in it as well. If you don't have to wory about bodily acne, this is a great product.
I've been using this wash for years since I have sensitive skins and my back breaks out bad.  I use to use the regular wash but when the grapefruit scent came out, I've been hooked.  I love the fresh scent of grapefruit which is a great smell to help wake you up in the shower in the morning.  Also, as I've been using Neutrogena since I was a teenager (like 15 years now)...I am a huge fan of this wash and works great!  I rarely break out and I attribute it to Neutrogena.  The price on Amazon is comparatively priced to my local box stores but I have Prime so it's a nice now to able to buy and have shipped directly to my house without having to make a special trip to the boxed stores.  Thanks Amazon!
I have very acne prone skin, so I thought if I used this it would help my skin.  Maybe it has and my skin would be much worse without it.  But, I use this everyday and I still have a decent amount of acne.  Maybe it is stress?  I don't know.  I use it on a loofa puff.  Maybe if you use it on a washcloth it would be better?  I don't know.  I usually have really good luck with Neutrogena items, so I am giving this three stars, assuming it will work better for other skin.  Plus I am 40, and my hormones are much different than a teenager that might be the target group for this item.
This product does what it's supposed to.  I don't have a huge acne problem and haven't tried a lot of other products for comparison, but anytime I have occasional break outs this is easy to use and clears it up pretty quickly.  Unfortunately it smells pretty bad.  I can deal with it though because it's effective and I don't have to use it all the time.  I have been wanting to try the pink grapefruit scent but any time I have ever gone into any drugstore anywhere ever it is always sold out.  So..maybe one day when they actually start keeping up with the demand I might get to try it.
I ordered this because I needed a face moisturizer for nighttime wear.  I have had great success with Ester C creams - I am not old enough to have any severe wrinkles but it seems to be stopping what little creasing I had starting in its tracks.This cream is heavy and smells good.  I mixed some argan oil into it for an extra boost.  So far, my face feels very good after using this and I'm glad it comes in a very generous container for the price.  I would definitely recommend trying it, especially if you've been using stuff from a drugstore or supermarket - it's definitely nicer.
I bought this product a while ago, and I was so happy with the outcome. After a couple weeks of using it my scalp was no longer itchy (at all) and the flakes went away. It also has a very nice scent. Although it does leave my hair a bit dry, you just need to use a good conditioner and you're all set. I ran out and I had some head & shoulders stored so I used that. Head & Shoulders really sucks compared to the Jason brand. Once my Head & Shoulders is all gone I am going to go back to Jason and stick with it! It works so great.
I've found this shampoo in Mom's grocery stores, but they are almost always cheaper online.  It has a gentler formula than let's say selsun blue.  It also has a &#34;fresh&#34; smell.  It does not smell like tea or mint.  However, it is a little on the &#34;runny&#34; side for shampoo and may leave a little &#34;dustiness&#34; to your hair.  I'm not sure if it just makes my hair attract dust, if it's shampoo residue.  It's not noticeable unless you examine your hair under a microscope - which i do.
I typically use Burt's Bees shampoo and love what it does for my hair, but not for my scalp (dry and itchy). I purchased this shampoo to use on occasion to prevent the itchy scalp it seems to cause. Plus, I love the refreshing tingle of tea tree shampoos.Let me just say, I honestly felt like I was being dipped for fleas the first time I used this product. It has a horrible chemical odor...EXACTLY like pesticide. I tried a few more times to stomach it, but just can't do it. Plus, you would think it would at least tingle a bit, with it smelling like Raid and all, but nope; NADA.Also, if you are looking for a shampoo that is organic with no SLS...READ THE LABEL! This product is not what it is marketed to be.
My husband and I both use this shampoo - he for light dandruff control, and me just because I like the way it cleans my fine hair.  It is paraben-free, and does not contain sodium lauryl/laureth sulfates.  The scent is not as refreshing as the scent of Jason Natural Cosmetics - Satin Shower Body Wash/Tea Tree Oil 30 fl oz Gel, which is a fabulous body wash, but it is not a bad scent.  You do need to watch that it doesn't get in your eyes, since tea tree oil can sting a bit.
My favorite wish is for Jason to make a bigger, less expensive bottle.  This is my favorite shampoo but I rarely buy it because of the cost.  If you have fine, wispy hair this will do wonders for the texture and feel of your hair!  It smells great and, as an added bonus, does great things for your scalp too!  Simply adore it.  Wether it actually THICKENS your hair... I don't know about that, BUT my superfine hair certainly FEELS more lush and lustrous after using this shampoo and conditioner... I just wish I could afford to use it exclusively, but for me this will have to remain a special occasion shampoo.  :(Note:  This stuff is THICK.  I mean it.  Almost like honey.
I have problems with thinning hair.  I have been using this product for about a month.  I do believe that it has helped to make my very thin hair a bit thicker.  I don't expect miracles from a shampoo, but I'm happy with the results I've gotten from this product.  I like the fact that it's natural and leaves my hair feeling clean.  The scent is a bit medicinal, but by the time I use my other styling products I don't really notice it anymore. If you have a problem with thinning hair I'd give this product a try.
After trying this product once, my husband noticed a difference in how his hair turned out after styling. He told me to buy this product again and now it is a favorite.This product is guaranteed to add at least 10% fullness to your hair after the first application.It has mild botanical cleansing agents and fruit acids. It not only cleanses your hair, it helps to purify your scalp. Polysorbates free your scalp of excess cellular debris which can block hair follicles.He doesn't use the conditioner, but I love usingit with this product.~The Rebecca Review
Not really smelling anything but "Baby Powder" when using this, but I love Baby Powder smell, so this is not a issue for me. I give it a 4 star rating due to the miss-leading name. I do love this Body Wash, it lathers really well when used with a scrunchy, but not with a wash cloth what so ever.The bottle size is impressive and can easily leave a family of 4 1 to 1.5 months. I feel like my skin is already starting to appreciate the "All Natural" effect of this product. I will order this again, but in a different scent to try.The texture is very creamy & you do not need a lot & it has the added bonus of the pump & the kids really think that is the coolest thing ever (4 & 5 yrs old)Definetly would recommend this product or any of Jason's Products to anyone looking for healthier skin/hair (yes they make shampoo & conditioner).
Jason's natural products are exceptional. I love the body wash and this product tends to be more expensive in stores so that's why I purchase on amazon. If you like the smell of  lavender, this product  will tickle your fancy.  Very nice during shower time.  The soap feels great on your skin and nourishes because it contians Vitamin E, Pro-Vitamin B5 and aloe vera. Jason's body washes are known for no or low sulfides which is good for sensitive skins and the main reason I purchase.  I think what I love the most about this product is the bottle dispenser.  It's so easy to use in the shower and never had a problem with clogging.  It despenses down to the bottom of the bottle.This is a prime product which is a plus too.  Multiple purchase customer and I'll be back again.
I have used Jason products for many years, mainly because they do not test on animals. I believe that is very important to many people. This body wash lasts a  long time, just one pump onto my fluffy wash thing, (I never know what they call those little round net things we have so many of), anyway, one pump is enough to supply a ton of foaming suds that make you feel so clean and it rinses off so easily. Leaves my skin soft and not dry. I am a great fan of this body wash because I do like tea tree oil for it's antiseptic properties,  and  I also buy the lavender one, for it's soothing effect. I alternate between the two of them.  It is a great bargin for the price considering how much body wash we use.  I think it would be good for a large family of kids because the Koala bear is just too cute.
I bought this for my boyfriend, he loves it. I ended up taking a shine to it as well so now we use it all the time. Tea Tree oil is great for oily skin and this particular wash smells great. We use it as a face wash and have had less break outs since we started using it. Best thing about Jason products is that they are organic, all natural, not tested on animals and contain no animal ingredients. Perfect for vegans or those who just care about what they use on their skin and bodies.
My grandson was visiting recently, he has such bad eczema, I was desperate!! I had this soap for awhile, and thoughtit couldn't hurt to try. I'm so glad I did, he wasn't scratching/itching or crying( he's 18 months). I was DESPERATE, toget him some relief, I can't say enough GOOD things about this soap. Except left no residue, no itching afterwards andthe biggest reward: he slept through the night! God bless your soap! I will DEFINITELY be reordering!
In the past I've purchased a ton of LUSH beauty products because they make them with lots of essential oils. What I've realized is that I can make some scented liquid soaps myself by using essential oils and this Jason's Body Wash. Simply put a combination of oils in a small plastic bottle and add in some body wash. Shake and use. Some of my favorite combinations are sweet orange, neroli and rose. I've also tried Ylang Ylang, Patchouli, Lotus and Sandalwood. I'm looking forward to trying out new combinations as I have a big collection of essential oils. I also like Balsam Fir Needle which is refreshing. I find the body wash works well with a body brush.~The Rebecca Review
Smell is so subjective it seems that it may not be a valid review point. One person may love the smell of something and another person hate it. That being said, I like the smell of the citrus body wash. It has a faint scent of oranges and is sweet. It doesn't dry out my skin as much as other soaps do. It makes mounds of lather, so a little goes a long way. The ingredients listed on the product page are incorrect; it does not contain lauryl or laureth sulfates.
I worked in cosmetic ingredient sales for several years meaning I sold the ingredients directly to large manufacturers and worked with the scientists.I learned much and try to share it.It's rare to find so many natural and beneficial ingrdients in a soap or face wash. This is a cleanser for oily skin according to the bottle front but it actually is surprisingly mild and non-drying. But the big bonus for me is the tea tree. This is a natural antiseptic and blemish cure yet having to dilute a bottle of it and then apply that mixture to skin isn't all that convenient. This does it for you so you not only have cleaner hands, but better skin on your face as well.How can it clean the skin with an antiseptic without drying it? It also contains olive oil, another great skin helper. So between the two you are cleaning, removing bacteria, as well as moisturizing.I have very sensitive skin and have had great results with this cleanser.
I started using it only a few weeks ago. I have combination skin. I recommend using a moisturizer with it because I noticed my skin started peeling. Although, my skin looks clearer, some of my old freckles seem to be fading, and I just really notice a difference in my skin. I also feel it helps my vitamin C moisturizer absorb better. I used to use Retin-A and Retin-A micro, but I feel this stuff works just as well, plus it has other ingredients that help improve your skin.
I use this at night and the Alpha Hydrox 12% Souffle for day.  Between the two, I am definitely seeing an improvement in my skin.  I am 45 years old and before starting Alpha Hydrox I had the lovely situation of aging skin which is still oily and breaking out (am I lucky or what?  lol).  My skin is still oily (I don't think anything is going to change that) but I no longer break out.  On my face, I won't say that I'm looking younger, but I would say I have probably slowed the process that creates sagging & wrinkles - which is better than nothing for sure!  On my neck, I have experienced definite firming.  I was getting that little sag just under my chin and that is definitely firmed up since I've started using these products.  Who knows, maybe my face will catch up?  At any rate, with stuff this inexpensive while still so effective, I say you can't go wrong!
My first tube of retinol was purchased on Amazon and it was made by another company. I was not really experienced with using retinol but that product didn't really impress me. I decided due to financial reasons to change my skin care routine to something more affordable and I chose the Alpha Hydrox line. I'm happy with their line of products and the ResQ is so much better than what I was previously using. I do recommend this product as I have noticed a positive difference in my skin. Its smoother and softer now and I will continue to purchase and use the ResQ creme.
AHHH HEAVENS Oh my!This along with the day aha Souflee is a tag team duo fo POWER I cannot live without!SERIOUSKY, my skin color and tone and pores are now invisible, everyone tells me my skin is flawless with NO makeup on!I used this a week and souflee in day time and after first 2 dys I could see Difference AFTER a week EVERYONE can see the smoothness , even tone, helps acne scars fade too !!  I had one on my chin that is gone!Also took away one ketaris pilaris I think its spelled. Just get it , I love 12 % or higher as this is 12% .
I am 24 years old and was using this at night and lightly in the morning. I don't have any wrinkles or fine lines and was just using this for prevention. I loved the consistency and the fact that it has no smell. It helped to clear up some dry patches I had in the winter around my eyes and didn't break me out on the parts of my face near my eye area where this product touched. However, I had to discontinue use because I noticed that my vision was becoming blurred. I could still see, but I felt like I had a film over my eye that I couldn't get to clear. Once discontinuing, the problem went away. It is unfortunate because I really did like using this.
The first time I used Avalon's Vitamin C eye cream, my eyes began to sting so badly that I was uncomfortable for 24 hours.  I thought that maybe I had used too much, so I tried again several days later with only a tiny amount, being careful to keep it away from my lashes.  My eyes still became uncomfortable. This is the exact opposite of what an eye cream should do.  The whole point of eye cream is to be thick enough not to melt and get into your eyes and, if it does, it should not sting. That's why eye cream is different than face cream. This one fails. I won't be using it again.
I have used this product for years. I have a dermatological condition called keratosis pilaris which consists of small raised bumps that appear on one side of my forehead and on my arms. This rich cream is actually more effective in minimizing these bumps than the prescription lotion that I have used. I was extremely distressed to read that this company has been purchased by health food giant Hains and that other product formulas have been changed and are no longer effective for whatever they were supposed to do. When I purchased this bottle there was only one left and it is not a new product nor is it manufactured by Hains so I guess I was lucky. If this information is correct then I assume Amazon will be restocking another facial cream that is ineffective. Apart from my particular condition, this cream is a wonderful eye cream. It softens and smooths this area just as you should expect. Can't really recommend it if the formula is being manufactured by another company.
Aside from my standard Olay ORIGINAL moisturizer which I use faithfully every day -- this seems to be the ONLY other product that helps the &#34;vertical&#34; lines that are appearing on the top of my eyelids.  I'm 67 and have tried a lot of products - found most to be rather useless for the money except for the Olay ORIGINAL mositurizer which I have used all my life and now this.  Nice touch before bed as well.  Smell is faint but good.  Very creamy.  Use just a tiny dab -- and the pump is nice in that it only puts out a very small amount - just what you need for the small eye space -- so no waste of product.I have also tried the facial cream from Avalon Organics Vit C  - like it, but this Revitalizing Eye Creme is the one that makes a visible difference on my lines above my eye with repeated daily use.
- Tommy Hilfiger name brand. Some reviewers seem to think certain colognes have been not authentic, but anytime I buy from Amazon directly, shipped from and sold by Amazon, I have always gotten a retail packaged item.- Smells great, fresh, clean, and not overpowering.- Price is a little high for what I like to spend, but this is a good size supply that should last long enough to justify the price.- Overall I'm pleased with the product. Will I buy it again? Maybe. I like to try different colognes and also look at which happen to have  a lower price at the time I need to order, but if the price is right I'll likely try this cologne at least once more.- Amazon delivered quickly w Prime.
I have used this with my last 2 pregnancies and have no stretch marks. Don't know if it's because of this oil, but I know it can't hurt! I love that this oil does not stain, however, I only use it at night under my tank tops that I wear to bed. This oil does have a slight cocoa smell, but it's not nauseating at all. I am easily turned off by strong odors, but it's so faint that I don't smell it for long. Would highly recommend!
I'm only 5 months pregnant but I have no stretchmarks (so far), no itchy belly, and it's kept dryness to a minimum in this cold weather. I use it once a day after the shower, all over. I've been using it since I was 3 months pregnant. I took off one star because it's a big oilier than I'd like, but I did try another (more expensive, lighter oil, mamma mio) product and I started seeing dryness, so I switched back to this Mother's Special Blend. The initial smell is nice (chocolately!) but it goes away in a few minutes.
I recently had a bad case of hives from an allergic reaction to a medicine.This product helped a lot in the short run, which was worth quite a bit. Cooling and soothing. However, I found that after a couple of applications over the course of half a day or so, the product buildup became an irritant in itself, and I had to shower and remove it, which I didn't necessarily feel well enough to want to do. I didn't have that problem with aloe vera gel.However, this product contains a mild local anesthetic, so it may be more helpful for some things. I didn't think of the aloe vera gel until the hives had improved somewhat, so it may not have compared as well in the beginning.I'd buy this again, but I sure hope I don't need to.
I have a condition which makes my arms itch intensly and nothing, I mean nothing has worked. Finally, I have found something that helps! This lotion really does the trick as it has Calamine (3%) and Pramoxine HCl (1%) in it which seems to be the key.  The calamine lotion does make the application appear a bit pink but rubbing it in well disguises this and helps the lotion work even better.  I would recommend this for all itching, but if you have itching that nothing has helped, give this a try. It's not greasy and works like a charm.
I love this mascara.  I have been using it ever since Sarah-Michelle Gellar first hocked in 2000(?).  A friend of mine was in to Buffy the Vampire Slayer and soon, so was I.  I think Gellar is gorgeous, even though she's got an odd nose, and while she was Maybelline's spokesmodel, I tried just about anything she modeled.  This was the one product that has been faithful.  It goes on nicely, builds well, doesn't clump or make my lashes feel crispy.  I have tried many higher end mascaras (via Sephora's trial-sized mascara kit) and always come back to this.  I hope they never discontinue it or &#34;improve&#34; the formula.
I've used this mascara for years and it never disappoints. Adds lots of length and volume to my lashes. The first couple applications from a brand new tube are pretty thin and light, but it will thicken and give you the desired results thereafter. I used to go through these tubes so quickly because they would dry out pretty fast... until a trick I learned: if your tube starts drying out, extend its life by adding 2 drops of contact solution/eye drops to the tube. It will instantly rehydrate it for continued use. I've been using the same tube for 10 months now by doing this! :)
BEST mascara I've ever used.  I recently had been following the advice of some beauty bloggers and tried a couple other brands only to be disappointed by their clumping, or inability to give me long, beautiful looking lashes (mostly clumping - yuck).So I came back to my old favorite and it's just as good as ever.  This mascara goes on really well-- no clumping even if you slide the wand through your lashes a few times (for complete, awesome coverage).  It makes my eyes look great, doesn't smudge for me.  I have a friend who says she gets raccoon eyes from this-- so she uses their waterproof version and loves it.  So if you touch your eyes a lot or have allergies/watery eyes, maybe go waterproof.  I don't prefer waterproof because I like that this comes off easy with soap and water without need for a special makeup remover.
I used to love Revlon's full n' soft mascara, so I decided to try this one.  Its just not the same.  If I'm not extreme careful my eyelashes become clumped.  My eyelashes are soft, but only because I used one coat.  If I put a coat this one and then use a different brush, my lashes look great, but I didn't want to have to use two brushes. Just not for me.  The good part is it washes off easily.
I purchased this based on the good reviews I read, and had confidence that it would live up to them. It didn't. This mascara smudges and smears very easily. It's allergy season, so my eyes tear a little... but just from that it streaked under my eyes! Other mascaras don't do this at all. The mascara goes on nicely and separates your lashes well, but I can't give it a three-star rating because I can't use it and had to throw it in the trash.
I have tried tons of mascara, yet I always come back to this one.  This mascara is amazing.  I almost NEVER get clumps, the brush is PERFECT so I never end up with thickly caked lashes and the mascara is thick enough to coat each lash and not coat groups of lashes in to one bulky mess.  I just love it!  I just wish Amazon carried more of the brownish shades of this mascara... I would highly recommend this mascara to anyone.  I've been using it for about 15 years now and have never found a decent alternative.
Why haven't I been singing the praises of this little beauty of a mascara?!  I get courted away by $30+ mascaras that flake or never wash off!  Even the drugstore brands lured me away with their fancy brushes and promises of butterfly lashes.  No more!  This stuff doesn't flake, is inky and black, but can be removed w gentle soap and water.  My lashes actually feel conditioned after using this for a few days.  Do yourself a favor and buy this!
This has to be one of the best mascaras I have ever tried (and I've tried many!).  My lashes are both thin and short, and I've found that this mascara adds plenty of fullness AND a bit of length, too.  Plus, there are absolutely NO CLUMPS when I use this mascara; the unique brush deposits just the right amount of product on my lashes, unlike other products that claim to be "clump-free."  I've tried both the regular and the waterproof versions of this mascara; I prefer the latter, as it stays on great yet washes off easily.  The only thing that I think could make this product better would be a curling brush to give the lashes a bit more lift.  Although Full 'N Soft isn't a dramatic mascara, it is perfect for everyday wear, and I would recommend highly to anyone.
i love this mascara, the brush and consistency work perfectly together to give a feathery fan of darkened lashes without looking like you obviously have mascara on, which when working in a professional setting is really important.  what i love most is i have to be a huge lash comb fiend with most mascaras to avoid the awful spikes look or worse, clumps. this mascara does neither, i don't have to comb at all and i'm always in a rush so saving a another tool and step is great.  probably not intense enough for night looks, but for day to day this is perfect.
As far as drugstore mascaras go, I have loved Full N Soft for years. Drugstore mascara is inexpensive, so I have often experimented with other brands/formulas - Maybelline, Revlon, L'Oreal, etc., but Full N Soft is the one I come back to. It is great in a single coat and also builds well. If building, I recommend using a clean mascara brush to separate between coats. If during the day your lashes get bent (this happens to me with sun and prescription glasses), use your finger to apply pressure and curve lashes back in place. The flexible formula will re-mold. No flakes, no mess.The brownish-black is natural and minky-coloured. The super black is dramatically black!
it doesn't wear well under make-up. It's just a little oily. Other than that...I love this product. I use it mainly on my neck and chest (and on my face on my days off) and it has evened out my skin tone and faded my sun-spots ALOT. Especially on my chest...HUGE difference from a few years ago! It really is a great All-in-One Product- I've been using it for years and haven't found a better one yet. I'll keep on buying it!
This cream feels great and feels like it absorbs well. Unfortunately, it also seems to be slightly pore clogging since it causes small white heads.I also the had the tinted version of this cream and was not satisfied with it at all. It was too thick and did not spread well. The &#34;tint&#34; was more heavily colored than some of the foundations I have used in the past AND it just seemed to sit on top of the skin. As a result, the color would rub off in spot and look blotchy. In other words, it was terrible. This one is MUCH better, but it still doesn't cut it, really.If you want an AMAZING cream, see my review of the L'Oreal Ideal Moisture Even Tone cream. I really love it. http://www.amazon.com/review/R1P4OWBH1VSBUF/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00AYWN8OY
I've tried more expensive lotions and creams on my face, but I really love this one. It leaves my face feeling and looking very soft. I also love the way you just pump the top and the moisturizer comes out....you don't have to dip your fingers in a jar or touch what's left in it. All creams and lotions and such should be this way...I hate having to dig out cream in a jar with my fingers not knowing if I've left any germs in the remaining cream. I recommend this.
this is one of my tried and true beauty products; it never fails me. The other night, after using a different (and much more expensive) cream for over a month, I reverted back to using this, and my gosh, I fell in love all over again! I highly recommend this product. It's rich and gives the right amount of moisture without a greasy feel or look. Due to it not having SPF, I use this at night, and use a BB cream during the day.
Olay Total Effect's facial lotion is an excellent everyday lotion.  It goes on smoothly and a little goes a long way.  It has no fragrance and absorbs quickly.  The one issue I have is that it leaves me looking a bit shiny.The bottle that it comes in is small and travels well.  It's easy to pump out the exact amount that you need.I have combination sensitive skin and I've not noticed and issues or breakouts.  I've been using it for about a month now with good results.
Can't stand perfume and its in everything. ( Perfumed toilet paper is just strange!) This is great for me,doesn't take forever to be absorbed. I have it on auto ship. Sent to me every other month cause I have my husband use it too. He's had a lot of skin cancer on his face and this spf 15 is just enough for regular daily use. I use this in the morning and a heavier one at night. The dermatologist says my 65 year old skin looks great even with her magnifying glass. Lets keep it that way!
I just got Olay Total Effects Fragrance Free this week. I was worried because some reviewers said that they had bad reactions, and that it's not good if you have sensitive skin. I have very sensitive skin and I have not had any bad reaction to this.I think the key is not to get the one with SPF. The people who had bad reactions bought the one with SPF. This fragrance free variety without SPF has not given me any problem so far. I am not happy that the product contains parabens though, so I won't buy it again for that reason.So, if you want to try Olay Total Effects, get the one that is fragrance free and does not have the SPF.
I applied this item as directed and it worked great everywhere -- except my cheeks, where it caused burning, irritation, and a very visible rash. My skin is not super sensitive and I've never once had a reaction to a moisturizer/sun screen before. I would STRONGLY suggest testing on a small area unless you're okay with risking walking around with a nasty rash for a couple of days. I have tried it again and it always burns in the same area but is fine everywhere else, not sure why.I understand that reactions vary by individuals, so I didn't think it would be fair to give this item one star. I don't believe it's the product's fault that my skin couldn't handle it, and like I said, it did work well everywhere else. I ordered other Olay products at the same time as this and have used them without incident.
I've only had this cream for about a week now but so far so good. It is so smooth and creamy and really makes makeup go on smoothly. The one thing I don't like is if you use too much and don't rub it in really well right away it will flake off like peeling skin later in the day. I can't say much about its effects on lines or age spots yet but hopefully it helps!UPDATE: This lotion isn't really living up to my expectations. I'm not convinced it actually changes anything about your skin, it just slightly masks flaws. Once I run out I'm going back to my AveenoAveeno Positively Radiant Daily Moisturizer SPF 15 - 4 oz.
I hate it when my moisturizer slithers of my face like an oil slick, or is so thick you almost have to add water to spread it onto your face. Just one pump of this covers my face, neck and d&eacute;collet&eacute;. Makeup application is smooth, and seems to stay put longer than usual when I use this. I haven't noticed any major changes in the appearance of my fine lines, etcBut I do like he way my skin feels when I use this.  I'd order it again for sure.
I bought this hoping to spend less on a daily facial cream with SPF.  I've been using Ole Henricksen's "truth revealed super creme SPF 15", which is $55 a jar.  Well, you definitely get what you pay for.  The smell of this "unscented" cream is so chemically (is that a word?) and sunscreeny, that it's almost unbearable to wear.  It is thick, so only a little bit is needed, but it isn't fully absorbed by my skin.  My makeup brushes have to be washed more frequently because of the residue and the smell (I don't want it to cross-contaminate into my blush/powder foundation).  I will not purchase again.
I first bought this Olay moisturizer cream because it's unscented.  (Hurrah, if I want perfume, I prefer what I use!)  I've been very happy with it ever since. It's not messy, is easy to apply and has sunscreen in it.  If you wear make-up it'll go over the moisturizer with no problem. The anti-aging must work as I get a lot of comments that I don't look my age! (85) I don't wear make-up except for eyes and mouth, so what people see is what's there, wrinkles and all.Recommend highly.
I am almost 33 but people says i look 20 something... They also thought I am still single but I told them I even have a 2 year old daughter! I used this product for 4 years already and until now I am amazed by how it works in my skin. It became smoother, tight and pore less. I love this with spf 15, not only it hydrates the skin but protects as well. This is really my beauty secret for looking young... I eat food so much, drink soda more than water but my skin still radiates plus the help of vitamins i take...So i really thank  olay total effects so much!
I've tried many different brands of moisturizer for my very sensitive skin and found this to be completely non-irritating and it moisturizes well. I don't know what "anti-aging" means. I wouldn't say that I look any younger as a result of using it. I like that the same amount comes out each time with one press on the pump--it helps prevent accidentally squirting out too much. And I sure wouldn't want to do that because this stuff costs a whole lot per ounce for those of us on a limited budget. The best deal around is to buy a two-pack on Amazon. That cost will beat a retail purchase by several dollars.
I don't know why they call this &#34;Plus Touch of Sun&#34; as I took that to mean it had self-tanner or bronzer in it - but it does nothing really for color. It's not a bad moisturizer at all- I just haven't found the 'touch of sun' in it. This may be because I tan easily and there isn't enough of a &#34;touch of Sun&#34;. In other words I find this no better than other moisturizers which don't promise as much as this one does but I still like it
This product is amazing. I am 33 years old with combination skin and have always struggled with breakouts. I was looking for something that would prevent aging and reduce the impact of smoking on my skin without causing acne. Olay Total Effects moisturizer has meant incredibly smooth, soft skin and no more breakouts! Plus, it is SPF 15 so there is some sun protection included.Also, unlike most other moisturizers I have used, this absorbs well and does not cause unsightly beads of sweat to form on my forehead after application. The only thing I did not like was the scented version as the smell is insanely oppressive, but there is an unscented version available so that problem is easily solved.I highly reccommend this product!
I have only used this for the last couple of weeks.  I break out very easily, and was worried this would break me out, but it hasn't!! Yay!!I use this once a day in the morning under my makeup.  I love the sunscreen smell.  It is very light and feels good on my skin.  I am mainly using it to prevent wrinkles. I don't have any yet, so I can't comment on this making them less noticeable.  I think my skin looks only better, though.  I have had a male co-worker say I look "fresh" just out of the blue.  It makes my skin look real healthy and dewy.  No acne and just really nice looking skin.  So I am very happy.
I've only been using this moisturizer for a little over a week and I can already feel the difference in my skin.  My foundation goes on smoothly and my skin feels moisturized all day.  I have been using Aveeno for years but I like this moisturizer so much better.I work at a skilled nursing facility and the residents with the nicest skin ALL say that they've been using Oil of Olay for decades.  If that doesn't make you want to try it for yourself, I don't know what will.
Don't laugh. My wife has been using this for years and I tried it on my face for my drying skin.  Later I used it on my hair as a conditioner at night and the hair is not dry after shampooing and drying the next morning. Amazing. At Amazon prices you can do this. If I were buying from retailers the cost would be a little too high to do this although I still might since it makes hair shinny and easy to control without being greasy.  I know I sound like a girl. So be it.
First of all let me say that I have dry skin so I need something that is really going to help me with that and this just didn't do that for me. It didn't break me out or cause irritation but it didn't help with my problem areas either! I have large pores around my nose, chin and forhead, This didn't help tighten those. I have dry cheeks and oily in T-Zone and it didn't help with the dryness AT ALL. If you have perfect skin and you just need a face cream then this is for you. But as an Anti-Ager and all the other stuff it's supposed to do not so much. It didn't brighten my complexion or help even out my skin. So I went back to my Boots No 7 Regimen (See My Review) and I couldn't be happier.
I've tried many different moisturizers.  I've been looking for something that helps with the fine lines, but doesn't make my face greasy or clog my pores.  I love this moisturizer!  It feels like velvet, absorbs quickly, and doesn't cause my face to break out.  The description says it's unscented, but it does have a very, very light fragrance.  It's not perfumey, just fresh and clean.  I'm on my second bottle and I can absolutely see a difference in the texture of my skin.
It's hard to know how to review this. I've been using it for a few months and while i haven't noticed any radical changes in my skin (my fine lines are still there), it is still my favorite moisturizer. I decided on this product based on the review at beautypedia.com, it seems to be a reliable product. It goes on very smoothly and dries quickly, you don't need to use too much. It does smell slightly like sunscreen lotion, but I don't mind. I like the pump design, and if you have read up on moisturizers you might have heard that you shouldn't use any product in a jar because it is constantly being exposed to air and bacteria. The packaging, spf, and anti aging aspects are unbeatable at this price (mine was $14 on Amazon at the time).
Everything has a smell. When Aveeno says that it is fragrance free that means they did not add any external fragrances to the product which can be irritating to some people. This product smells like cooked plain oats when initially applied, but that will go away after it absorbs.Now that that's out of the way, the reason I rated this product 3 stars is because Aveeno seems to have changed its ingredients around from when I first bought this lotion. Oat Flour (Avena Sativa) use to be its FIRST(most abundant) ingredient. Now it's the 7th, and the first ingredient is water, which I think has caused this lotion to be less effective than it used to be for me.
I liked that this was light and hydrating for my hands. As an artist, I work with a lot of mediums that require me to wash my hands afterward (i.e. paints, oil pastels), so one can imagine that my hands are prone to dryness. However, after two weeks of use, I got an allergic reaction from the lotion in the form of tiny, non-itchy bumps on the backs of my hands. I gave the rest to my friend who does like Aveeno, but I'll have to search for another hand lotion.
While I'm not overly enthusiastic about the scent of this unscented product that is easily remedied by the addition of any essential oil I want to add before slathering this on my skin. The main ingredient seems to be Oat Kernel Flour and that is the main reason I buy this product.The skin calming and healing qualities of oatmeal are almost immediately apparent. Within a few days of using this product you will notice a difference in your skin.This lotion absorbs easily, it is smooth, healing and a creamy comforting addition to your day. If you enjoy scented lotions, try the Aveeno Stress Relief Moisturizing Lotion. I also enjoy using the Aveeno Body Wash and Soaps.If you want to scent this product, buy some rose oiland add a few drops. Rose oil helps to balance your emotionsand that in itself will help your skin.~The Rebecca Review
This is a nice alternative to the oily sunblocks out there on the market. Sure, it doesn't have the scent of coconut oil, but some of us are allergic to that anyway.So, this is a nice sunblock for us sensitive skin types and it is oil-free and non-irritating, not to mention non-comedogenic. Basically, you can use this on your face and it won't block your pores.This cream seems really rich and creamy and then suddenly it just disappears into your skin and feels very light and not oily.Highly recommended for when you are out and about in the sun this summer!~The Rebecca Review
I basically lived in the isles of Rite Aid before I found this thing.If you combine it with a sacylic acid cream is it amazing.at night when I have a zit, I clean the area with alochol and apply the cream in the morning wash it off and its shrunk.I repeat everynight until it is completely gone. of course I rub my face in shea butter every morning~ and sometimes bio oil.But, this product is amazing and the price is a lot less than clearisil and others. it really isnt a bad product it is the SAME as clearisiljust less money. (SAME INGREDIENTS) don't be fooled by impaitent and oblivious people. this product works!! :)and if you apply it during day time be sure to rub it in good and apply a moisturizer over it lightly~ hope this helps!!this dosent cure dark spots but it will have yuor face smooth within weeks~ (for me 1 week... for you; mabye more (3weeks?))
Love it............... it cleans skin wounderful, if u boil hot water on the stove.steam it, take a hot washcloth and let it soak for about 1 min, cool the cloth down it a lilcold water.. put the cloth on your face let it sit there for about 1 min to open your pores.take a lil bit of facial cleanser and rub it on your face, then rinse of with cold water... skin comes outlooking like milk.. wait about 2 mins then put your favorite moisturizer on your skin, head out the door.and start your day.. trus me.
You might not like this product if you have oily skin, since we "people with oily skin" are used on using products that would make our skin dry to dry out pimples and such.. this product leaves a satin finish on your skin, and i found that my nose gets oily after couple of hours, i did not like that.  However it is a good cleanser, it cleans makeup without having to rub it too hard on your face like other soups. it also smells like Johnson&Johnson baby shampoo.
Superior product. Should never be more than $5, do not get overcharged! Thick and concentrated, but not greasy. I apply 2x a day to my thighs and stomach to help improve my skin's stretching power. Also, I layer this over the Massage Lotion for Stretch Marks, as suggested. Smells good and moisturizes all night until I shower next morning. Make sure to apply when your skin is already moist,  otherwise will have no effect. Have gone through 4 tubes so far in my pregnancy. Highly recommend.
Honestly, I couldn't tell if this cream was working or not. Yes my stretch marks faded, but it could have been them naturally fading over time. Regardless, it didn't hurt to go ahead and use the bottle up. After a while I didn't see any difference so I just stopped using it. I've also heard rumors that cocoa/shea butter has no proven affect on stretch marks. Perhaps IF I ever get stretch marks again I would re-try this product. It has a nice, subtle smell and it is very creamy. Not too thick, not too thin. It takes about 5-10 minutes to dry but it will definitely make your skin softer.
I still got stretchmarks even with religious use of this product. After asking my doctor and reading books and online articles, I'm not sure if stretchmarks is something you can avoid by rubbing in some cream. I think genetics and your body shape plays a factor, too. I mean I have friends who just used plain old olive oil and coconut oil and didn't get stretchmarks. I had friends who didn't do anything and didn't get stretchmarks. Then there are gals that tried everything and still got stretchmarks.I still give it 4 stars because it's inexpensive enough that if you want to try it, it's very affordable. Plus it smells great and has a great texture. Rubs in easily and is a nice way to relax and bond with you baby in utero while giving yourself a little R&R; time and a belly massage. And this cream is very hydrating. I sometimes apply to hands and feet as well and it works great.If you want to try, go for it. Can't hurt!
I've been wanting to purchase a body oil ever since I received one as a sample. I went to Target one day & unexpectedly found this with the rest of the Palmer's stuff. I didn't even know they had a body oil! I saw the price & quickly put it in my basket. This stuff works so well! Ever since using this after every shower my boyfriend now says all the time how soft my skin is ( he doesn't even know I use body oil!). 4 reasons you should purchase this: Palmer's doesn't test on animals, low price, smells so good, & it works!
I&#8217;m a fan of a lot of Palmers&#8217; products and was looking for a good body oil so I really thought I would like this. Having used baby oil in the past, I was shocked at how quickly this was used up. The baby oil would last easily through the winter and beyond, but this barely lasted a month. The consistency was quite thin and runny, so a lot of it was lost in the process of trying to apply. Then &#8211; possibly because of thinness? -  I felt like I needed more. I have used sweet almond oil in the past and it has a similar consistency. On the bright side, it smelled good and felt good, but because of the above issues I won&#8217;t be buying again.
I have had a few of these and I love it!!!  I ordered their newer model and ended up giving it to a friend.  I have very thick hair and it tends to be puffy and on the wavy side.  After I blow dry my hair, I use this and it smooths out my hair beautifully.  I can also flip my sides back and the bottom length under.  I hope that this isn't going to be discontinued.  It works way better than their newer model!  Please keep making these.  I recently ordered another because it works so well!
I'm not sure if I got a faulty product, but the "hot" air was not hot. It was lukewarm at best. As such, it did nothing at all to my hair except make it extremely frizzy. No curls or waves.You might have more luck than I with this product. And because Amazon allows you to return this after you've opened it (I've already spoken to a rep and created a return tag), no harm in trying. It's just not for me.
This product is not at all good for short hair.  The barrel is huge!  I know the description gives the 1-1/2" measurement but nowhere does it say anything about hair length recommendations.  I have to wrap my hair around half the brush and hold it there with my hand (hot!) because it doesn't even begin to wrap enough to stay on there.  Slightly better luck with the curling iron attachment.  This will be a fine product if you have at least shoulder length hair.  Otherwise, look elsewhere.  Now I am hoping mine burns up so I can return it at Amazon's expense instead of mine.
It's a great product. I have had two before and my last one, of three years, died finally so I went to buy a replacement but could not find one anywhere. This Hot Air curling iron is a great price and it works great for my hair, which is on the thicker side and wavy. I can do anything from baby-doll curls with this thing to soft shiny waves or use it to shine my hair and give it some shape after straightening. It's a good multipurpose tool.The shipment on this thing was crazy fast. I ordered it and the third day it came to me. I did a test just now to see if it works and it does. Nothing was wrong with the packaging or the product. When I need one again I will defiantly buy from this person/business again.
There are those of us, of a certain age, who never managed the technique of holding a hair dryer and a round brush at the same time.  We grew up in the era of long natural straight hair.  Now we live at a time when more styling devices are required.  This is a great tool for getting curl or body into hair while holding only one object.  Be sure to have your hair damp-dry before you start, or styling will take forever.  The motor is small, and doesn't &#34;blow&#34; very strongly.  Get the majority of the water out of hair first, and you will be ok.
I've had a conair facial sauna for years (and it was still working fine when I lost/misplced it) so I had to try another Conair.Well, this is perfect, even better than the first one I got. Why? It's got that safety timer, it tells you when it's ready, it comes with two cones to choose from. Plus, it comes with this free exfoliating brush and sponge. So nice. I used it last night and now my skin's glowing beautifully, like it got a polishing. It's a nice way to pamper yourself.Great price too!
This didn't put out much steam, and wasn't very hot. Maybe it's because I'm in the mountains and water produces steam at a lower temp. up here. Anyway, I had a better facial with a pot of boiling water, and had to return this. UPDATE 2011: Want steam??? Use a "My little steamer" mini clothing steamer!!! CAUTION: Keep at least 12-15 inches away from your face.  I used distilled water, and this thing really puts out steam, and in less than a minute too! Remember...do not put it too close to your face!!! It generates VERY HOT STEAM!!!
An item you can do without. Before i bought this i would sit covered over a bowl of hot water. The benefit to having this product is that you can turn on the steam as soon as you need it. Still takes like 5 min for it to actually start steaming. Once you have your face in the bowl mask you can feel a bit insecure because if that thing splashes water on you it will burn you. The battery operated exfoliating brush (included) is loud and cheap. I dont use any of these things as much i thought i would.
I purchased this product to alleviate symptoms from seasonal allergies. Every spring  my eyes itch and I'm constantly sneezing. Most allergy medications are too expensive and/or ineffective or cause drowiness. After researching the benefits of steam treatements for people like me I purchased the Conair Facial Sauna. I realize this product is designed for cosmetic reasons but it does the same thing the more expensive allergy/sinus steam machines do for a third of the price. I used it at night for 5 minutes and my eyes stop itching and I get restful sleep. I don't know if this product makes the skin glow as some other reviewers have claimed but it couldn't hurt. I would purchase again.
The first one arrived & the facial sauna worked fine, but the little facial scrubber didn't.  Amazon replaced the entire package and everything works fine.  Is it like going to the spa and getting a facial?  No.  But then I didn't pay as much for this little device as the spa paid for the one they use.  The steam isn't a lot, it's gentle.  I did put a towel over my head & that helped.  The sinus attachment works well.  I am pleased with the purchase.
I love this machine. Could I say anymore...I will. I like to keep my face clean, and steam is the easiest, safest and more effective way to do this. It really clears the pores and gets all the gunk out, while adding moisture to the skin, then I rinse with cool water and put on a mask and my skin is happy and clean. You can use it every day, or night and the results will be amazing.It works well for your sinuses too. I put this on my counter and lean over it, just don't wiggle it or hit it while it is on. It has been safe for me and heats up fast. I really love my machine.The brush was great, it worked well to cleanse before the steam, but it isn't waterproof and eventually broke.
I purchased this system at a "Bed, Bath, and Beyond" store. I used it, and I really did like the whole Facial Sauna System. However, not too long after using the system, problems did occur. The moisturizing sponge attachment wore down & eventually fell apart...And there's really no way to order a replacement. The other problem was that the actual Facial Tool eventually stopped working. I thought perhaps I needed to replace the batteries, although when I put new batteries in, it still did not work. So the only thing left that still works is the Facial Steamer.
For those of you that really wants a great facial steam, this product doesn't neccessarily perform the greatest. Its good but it doesn't cover the entire face. With a facial steam, you want to be able to cover the entire face --- in this case, I would suggest going to the gym where they have a STEAM ROOM. But again, this product is not a bad buy... i just don't use it much after 1-2 uses.. because i don't think the effect is really great.
I've been using this steamer for the last 9 years.  My first lasted about 8 years, but got a little crusty by the end of it.  The timer option is great so  I don't have to keep track of time.  This one includes a convenient measuring cup.  I wasn't crazy about the exfoliation tool (prefer to use a combo of Cetaphil and baking soda), but I guess it does the job.  I use the steamer about 2x a week for blackheads.
I've been using these for several years, and I try never to be without them. My face tends to get oily in the afternoons, and a quick dab all over with one of these completely takes care of it without disturbing my makeup.  I took off one star because they aren't quite as big as I would like.  If you're oily enough that you need to use the whole sheet, you end up having to hold it by a spot that is already used and then you have your face oil on your fingers.  If the sheets were a little bigger, that wouldn't be a problem.  Overall, though, one of my favorite products.
I don't use too much makeup, maybe concealer sometimes, but my skin is super duper oily. So even if I use a sunblock, after a few hours, my skin will be very oily. So I use this sheets to remove the oil from my face. Its very easy to use- just take a sheet from the package and press it against your skin and that's it! The sheet will turn transparent as soon as it absorbs the oil from your skin. It saves so much time since applying powder foundation to your skin after every 2-3 hours is such a hassle.
I used this during the day for a couple months in conjunction with the Q10 night cream and it seemed to help soften the wrinkles I had started to notice.  Doesn't aggravate my acne prone skin and I like this lotion better than the night cream since the consistency is light and absorbs well and the smell is very minimal (plain suntan/lotion smell).  Works fine under my makeup.  Would be great if they offered it with a slightly higher spf to last just a bit longer (since I don't reapply over my makeup).
The good thing about this product is that it contains a pretty good antioxidant.  The packaging, a pump as opposed to an open jar, makes it so the product isn't exposed to oxygen, so the antioxidents don't break down and oxidize.  The product isn't too greasy either, and I have cobination to oily skin.Now my gripe with the product is that because it contains SPF 15, this will lull many consumers into thinking they are covered for sun protection.  Unfortunately, it's not broad spectrum protection.  This product doesn't contain titanium dioxide, zinc oxide, avobenzone, or one of many other ingredients that protect against UVA rays.  UVA rays cause skin cancer.  Many moisturizer with SPF do not contain broad spectrum protection, so make sure to check the labels.Bottom line: This is a good, light moisturizer for sensitive skin.  Just be sure to use a full spectrum sunscreen along with the moisturizer.
For me the lotion is too greasy for my face so I use it for hand lotion.  I also purchased the 2-pack of Eucerin Q10 Cream which is really good for the back of the hands and I will certainly use it for that.  However, the Q10 Anit-Wrinkle Sensitive Skin Lotion is just too greasy for my face which is already oily.  I suppose for ladies with "dry" skin it would be a good thing.  But as I've said I will use it as a hand lotion
I have been using this lotion for quite some time - probably about 9 months now, and I absolutely love it. It's lightweight and oil free and it makes a great base under foundation too. I love that it contains SPF too. A nice feature this product has is that it doesn't leave that whitened look on your skin after application as a lot of lotions with sunscreen do. As far as the wrinkle prevention Q10 is concerned I haven't noticed any lessening of my lines of my face, but I also haven't noticed any new ones either so maybe it's preventing new wrinkles? Anyhow, this is a very nice lightweight SPF that feels nice on your face and won't break you out.
I'll admit that I don't know much about curling irons, but I'm pretty satisfied. I do have a few biffs about it. THe more you use it, the harder it is to curl your hair. You have to let it stand alone for a while to continue. The dial is a PAIN!! That's a big design flaw. It's so easy to turn and often while curling my hair I accidentally turn it down so I am constantly checking to see if it's still there. Luckily I use the highest setting, but if you were using another number, you'd die. Otherwise, curls fine. I definitely got my money's worth, but that's about it.
This curling iron is pretty good, but it does not have a strong enough spring to keep hair in place when curling. I have learned to correct this by hair-spraying the strands of hair I am about to curl. Then I clamp the hair under the metal clip about an inch or two up from the end of the strand. If you try to clamp your hair at the tip--it will not hold. You have to start an inch or two up from the edge to get it to hold. But if you do that, and if you hair spray it first--this curler can make some excellent spirals. I give this item 4 stars because it was basically the cheapest ringlet curler I could find. And this product does give me the curl I want, it just takes a little bit of finesse. But if you want something stronger and easier to use, look elsewhere.
Doesn't heat up enough.  I had it on my hair for 20 seconds without it feeling hot to the touch, on the highest setting.The on/off buttons are in the way and I turned it off by mistake at least 3 times just trying to curl the front of my hair, before I gave up and used another iron.I did get a cute curl once, but it went away by the time I did the next strand.  I knew I hated Revlon curlers, but this was the biggest one I could find at the store.  Hopefully the store will take the curling iron back unwrapped.
I decided to drastically cut my hair last summer.  It was to the middle of my back and I had it cut all the way up to around my chin.  After I realized that my old curling iron (1.25 inch) wasn't really giving me the curls I wanted I bought this one.  I hadn't really thought about the fact that a larger barrell would only produce waves.  My hair has since grown out to about shoulder length and this iron really does the trick.  It heats up quickly, gives me great curls that last all day and was an exceptional value.
Anything I every purchase by revlon was cheap and works great as high pricey products. Packaging was great as if it was just light books were inside and delivery was perfect timing for me.  If you haven't tried anything by revlon then I really recommend all there products and purchasing them from this seller when needed to. It's really worth every cent you worked for and heats up in seconds when your on the go. I really have to complete the whole entire set by getting the other size barrels by revlon that works wonders on any type of hair.Thanks!
This may be great for some people but the information listed neglects to tell you that this is a flat barrel 1/2 inch iron which is suppose to give ribbon like curls. Although the package says ribbon curl I didnt realize the barrel was going to be flat and I was a little disappointed when I got it. That's the only downside, everything else like the settings, heat, and tangle free cord all work great and shipping was fast. So if your into ribbon looking curls then this iron would be for you otherwise keep looking.
I have been using this scrub (sensitive skin, original, and the acne varieties) for over 10 years now.  It's a great basic scrub that is inexpensive.  I use it every morning in the shower and my makeup goes on a lot more evenly once I've exfoliated with it.  My best friend tried it out when she stayed over my place and has been using it ever since as well.  Even my boyfriend loves it and says that it prevents ingrown hairs on his face and neck from shaving.  This is a great scrub and I'm going to keep buying it as long as St. Ives is making it.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
Okay, so I'm a guy... but yes, once a week I scrub my face with St Ives Swiss Formula Apricot Scrub.  I have gone through this ritual for about 20 years now.  I'm not crazy about the new scent, but this brand name item is the best out there.  (I've used the generic).  I'm 45 years old while writing this review... but I look at least 10 years younger.  Is it because of St Ives or is it genetic?  I'll never know... but I'm going to continue to use this product until I die.  Keeps my face smooth (makes it easier to shave with an electric) and keeps my pores open.  That's about all I ever wanted to use this for and I believe it serves it's purpose.
The first time I used this product (over a year ago), I almost cried. A hypoallergenic moisturizer that was hydrating AND brightening AND from a brand that is organic and eco-friendly?? Heck yes! It worked wonders for my dry, hypersensitive skin.However, this is the second time I've purchased this and something seems&#8230; different. It's less hydrating (I have to apply at least two layer for any moisture benefits) and almost feels itchy (although that may be due to the lack of moisturizing powers it has, not the formula itself). However, it still brightens and smells nice. I just use it in combination with another hypoallergenic moisturizer.
I'll start by saying I have very sensitive skin, and this did not bother me, so that's definitely a positive! My skin is also very dry, and this is a nice thick, unscented cream that moisturizes without leaving a greasy feel. As far as the wrinkle reducing power, we'll have to see. It claims visible results within 5 weeks, so I'll have to wait a little longer. In the meantime, it's a great moisturizer for sensitive skin for before bed and under my makeup in the morning.
I have very sensitive facial skin.  The slightest fragrance or unassuming offending chemical can cause rashes, stinging and all sorts of unpleasantness.I have tried many, many products. From high end premium brands to drugstore brands. I have found some high end brands that are truly great, but also very expensive.So based on reviews her on Amazon, and the reasonable price,  I decided to try Eucerin Q10. I have been using it for five days, and I love it. It is a thick, rich cream  goes on smoothly and is absorbed rapidly. Skin feels really moisturized after application. I use it in the morning before makeup application and again at night before bed. Smooth skin and no irritations!I can't say if it will deliver on promise to reduce facial line. I'll let you know in six months.For those who are paraben sensitive, this creme does contain parabens. The creme is also a yellow color, which the box describes as being the intended color (result of natural ingredients).
I'm a cashier at Rite aid, and this guy came to my check stand and bought 2 of the Eucerin Q10 cremes. I asked him if it worked well, and his answer was pretty much "it's amazing and only rite aid sells it!"So since it was buy one get the second one 50 % off I decided to get the Q10 and the night creme.I get very dry skin, def when the whether is cold. It gets peely and red and it's awful to deal with. Also, I tend to break out with this whether. I opened the container and I was happy that is was truly fragrance free (my skin will break out with fragrances). The yellow color is from all the natural ingredients, it's not bad at all. It's a thicker cream, but when I apply it in the morning I can put make up over it and work all day and everything is good! My dry, red skin is gone too. This creme is amazing. :)
Well first let me say,i don't have wrinkles or hard lines(im in my 20s) i use anti-wrinkles washes and creams to hopefully help prevent them in the future,so i can't comment from an anti-wrinkle view point however i have very oily,sensitive skin that can easily get a small break out. I started using this among other products and started to notice i would get small breakouts, i figured it must be the other new product cleansers and toners i was using cause eucerin has never given me breakouts,so i stopped using the other products,and tested this product on certain areas on my face only,and sure enough those exact spots had the new abrasions. I have super oily skin,i believe this product causes clogged pores which leads to the breakouts,i suggest you avoid if you have oily skin,i will continue to use this product of my neck and chest to get rid of it.
Used for about 2 months.  Did seem to help soften the wrinkles that I had started to notice.  Product absorbs quite well and isn't overly greasy although consistency is rather thick.  I have acne prone skin and dry skin areas and while it did not aggravate my acne it didn't really help the dry areas either (surprising considering the consistency).  I hate strong perfume-y night cream on my face when I'm trying to sleep (which is one of the reasons I don't care for olay products) and this product could pass exactly for a tub of margarine or butter for color, smell, and texture.  It was better than perfume but I didn't exactly love it, either.
This is a lot like the Nivea Visage Q10 that stopped coming to the US and you can buy online still (made by the same company, Beiersdorf, in their factory in Poland). It's impressively cheap, it moisturizes really well, you can use it morning or night, it has no fragrance or dye, so you can use it around your eyes without them getting red or swollen.Negatives - it doesn't have the immediate effectiveness that retinol products do, then again you can't use those during the day. Also, an sunscnreen would make this more useful. I'm not a fan of using many different lotions, so I'm unlikely to buy this again, as it's neither an ideal night nor day lotion, even if it is a great value and a solid product.
This cream is just too thick for my face and I am using it on my hands.  I tried it around my eyes and on my neck and it just started falling off in gobs when I rubbed my neck.  Gross.  I will not put it on my face again and will just use it up as hand cream.  I might mention that I am a 65-year-old boomer babe with oily skin still and don't have wrinkles yet and didn't want to get them.  I would rather get wrinkles than have this thick stuff or the greasy lotion on my face.  Both are good for the hands though and people can tell your age from your wrinkled hands too.
Better late than never! This cream is amazing, it's rich without being super greasy and has vitamins (A, C, E), no oils, no parabens, fragrance free it's very gentle yet effective. I love it and its now a staple for me. I don't know why Eucerin dosent advertise this face cream especally since it has vitamin C and E which is all the rage in anti-aging face products.My only gripe is that it needs to be in a tube not a jar because of the vitamins.Ingrediants: Water, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Cocoate, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Stearyl Alcohol, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Octyldodecanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ubiquinone, Biotin, Biosaccharide Gum-1, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Beta-Carotine, Tocopherol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Carbomer, Sodium Hydroxide, Trisodium EDTA, Dehydroacetic Acid, Phenoxyethanol.
I have been using this product for almost a year now and as with all Eucerin products it is the best. There are products on the market that are selling for 5 times what this cost and this is every bit as good. I'm 70 years old and look 10 to 20 years younger. This product makes my facial skin soft and moist looking. The first few times I applied it I could feel my skin tightening particularly around the eyes. I use about a jar a month as I apply it morning and evening.
I bought this a couple months ago from Fred Meyers as a night cream (Olay Sensitive Skin SPF30 during the day, and I try to stay out of the sun for extended periods of time), and I really like it. It doesn't irritate my skin, it doesn't have a weird consistency (it's a bit like butter in colour and consistency, but it doesn't leave a tint and it absorbs in the skin as you massage it in), and it doesn't give me acne. My mother thought it a little weird that I'm using it because I'm only 20, but I believe that it's important to start taking care of skin and body at a young age with a proper beauty/wellness regime, clean diet, and regular exercise. I would recommend trying this for a month or two to people with sensitive skin like myself because overall, it's a great product.
First off, I do have slightly oily skin, so people with normal or dry skin would probably have a better time with this product.I got this pretty cheap, so for the price I can't complain much. I wanted to try it and now I have, and for me at least, it was just 'okay'.I found the cream a little too thick, and it felt a little greasy after use. It was okay for using at night, but I want a cream I can use before I put my makeup on too.However, I will say that it is indeed good for sensitive skin. I never experienced any redness or itchiness like with some products.
I've come to the conclusion if the product is advertised as Anti-Wrinkle it ain't going to work and more than likelydo nothing but lay on your skin like a mast.Olay Regenerist  is the same way it actually feels like heat on your skin.  This one doesnt feel like that, it just feels like you are wearing a mask and the pores in your face are clogged.After seeing the horrors of plastic surgery and the Contour debacle where threads are inserted into your skin to pull the face up... frankly just face the fact your never going to look like your were even in your 40's.Time and nature will have their way with you.  Matter of a fact if wrinkles are all you have got, be glad there are so many ills and deseases to confront you as you make this short journey in your life, just be yourself.
Just the scent and lotion I've been looking for. Ecco Bella Vanilla is amazingly creamy and luxurious. It's gourmet lotion! I absolutely love the feel of it on my skin. It's not greasy yet it delivers fabulous moisture to dry skin. The vanilla smells heavenly. It's subtle and natural but you won't be able to stop smelling your own arms because the scent is SO intoxicating. It DOES NOT leave you smelling like a cupcake. It's a sexy vanilla scent. I will purchase more before this runs completely out.
I suffer from dry hands... My own fault - I hate to wear rubber gloves when I do things. This lotion is a saver. It has NO water whatsoever and all the good stuff. So, a good sugar scrub and an application of this later, my hands look like I've never done any housework in my life. Highly recommended. I know it's a body lotion, but the rest of me is not dry enough to waste this on... It is rich, so if your legs are dry from shaving, it will probably save them too.
I love this so much!This mask is everything I was looking for: thick, not too pungent, great ingredients, and best of all, IT WORKS!I use this mask whenever I've had a long day and I know the oil/dirt buildup on my skin is a lot or if I fell asleep the night before and was too lazy and tired to wash my face.You simply apply it, let it dry, rinse, then continue to wash your face with you normal cleanse.I paired this mask along with the Freeman Pineapple Enzyme mask (which smells amazing might I add!) and with my normal Neutrogena cleanser/toner and together they have brought my skin (which was blemished and damaged) back to life.I truly love this and recommend this to anyone whose skin easily gets oily just like mine.
I like this mask a lot. I wanted something a little less drying than my purifying mint mask and since this has avocado in it I thought it would be a nice alternative. It's very nice and applies easily and my skin feels softer after I use it without feeling like it's stripped me of all moisture. Don't get me wrong, it's not the same effect as using a moisturizer or anything - you're still going to lose some moisture - but it's not nearly as drying as some masks I've used before.
i went to the drugstore looking for queen helene's mint julep mask, but i couldn't find it, so i picked this up instead. i really like this mask as well, it leaves my skin feeling really clean and soft and it's very easy to rinse off. i have sensitive skin and i haven't had any breakouts or adverse reactions to it after using it. the only things i don't like about it are that it makes my eyes burn a lot if i put too much of the product around them, and it's a little itchy when it dries.
The first time I used this I put it on and within two minutes began smelling vomit. I thought my dog had thrown up somewhere so I walked all over the house with the mask on looking for vomit. When the timer went off I figured I'd look more when I get out of the shower and never found anything nor did I smell the vomit after I showered. Never associated the smell with the mask. The second time I used this I immediately noticed a vomit smell and put 1 and 2 together. By now I've used it four times and every time it smells like vomit, not kind of like vomit, just like vomit! The product works well enough, but considering it has fragrance as an ingredient I just don't get why it smells so bad.
I saw this clay mask at CVS and it had a rebate thing stating "Try For Free".  I gave it a try because I love free products.  This thing is actually good.  I have watched Youtube and saw reviews here that say this thing is wonderful.  I might have to agree with everyone.  It applies like a regular mask and after a few minutes, it dries up and you wash it off and voila, you'll feel great afterwards.  I took off one star because this mask does have a strong smell that even for a non-sensitive person like me, I would like for the manufacturer to chill with the scent.  It's a strong smell of baby powder with a tinge of hair perm??  Some of you guys might disagree but personally, that's what comes to mind when I apply it  on my face.  Overall it's not bad of a product because I do feel my face being cleaner after use.
I have struggled with acne, blackheads, and scars since age 11. I have tried lots of products and seen dermatologists with little help. Now, about to turn 30 and still dealing with these issues, I tried this product after all of the reviews. I cannot tell you how amazing this is. It's so affordable, too. Admittedly, I use it 1 to 2 times a day for my best results. My pores are much clearer and squeezing the blackheads on the nose, which my esthetician used to do, (the only place I would squeeze d/t scarring), has become much easier and I have to do it less frequently with regular use. For the price, I would recommend everyone try it until the product is gone and see how it goes for you!
I have pretty sensitive skin and have tried a number of different masks through out the years and they almost always either make my face itchy, or cause me to break out after using them (in those horrible, big and painful zits!)...this one doesn't! It seems like it both dries out the extra oil in my skin, and moisturizes at the same time. After washing it off my skin is always a lot softer. If my skin is a little dried out I tend to get those little bumps on the outer edges of my cheeks, but they always clear up when I use this. It has a good consistency and is easy to apply, though if you wash it off with a wash cloth it looks sort of nasty, but no big deal. It does have a little bit of a scent to it, but it's not a fake perfumey type of scent, it's a more natural one. And one of my favorite things about this mask, it's cheap! Definitely recommend!
I used this before, and hope this is the same thing but they changed the outside look of the tube. I really enjoy this mask and think it works great...but my package was supposed to be here at the latest the 8th and I still have yet to receive it. After not even hearing anything from them I decided to contact seller and they were nice, telling me that it is almost here. Just frustrating I can get a foot spa bath, facail sauna system and many more larger items from other sellers on time, but not this little mask tube. But end of story is this is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone! Just order way early from when you expect it to be there!
First off, if you have an Ulta near by, you can find this product there for four dollars in the same size. I used to use the Biore oil control clay mask which is an excellent product but they're no longer selling it anywhere. I was going to buy another expensive mask to replace the Biore but decided to try the Freeman brand since it was so inexpensive. It's not as good as the higher priced masks of course but it works well enough for me to purchase again. It leaves my face feeling soft and tightens up my pores. The results don't last very long for me; I have a very oily face due to hormone imbalances and it's very hard to control this for more than one day. I use this mask every three days and use an oil-control cream cleanser the rest of the time. My favorite thing about the Freeman mask is that it doesn't cost much. If it were more than ten dollars, I would never buy it.
This avocado & oatmeal masque is super cheap and I know some people complain about the ingredients. People! You get what you pay, if you want something better, pay extra to get something fancy to suit your needs. This tube is big enough so this should last me longer than 6 months really since I use it maybe once a week.I like how this helped me a little with reducing the size of pores. My face feels fresh and tight after I use this. My only complains are that whenever I apply this on my face, it stings my eyes so much although I did not apply it close around the eyes either, just around cheek area. Overall, I like it.
I absolutely love this face mask, its the best one i have used.It evens out my skin, soothes it and makes my skin feel clean and feel really nice. I use this product once and a while and do spot treatment on places where i am prone to get breakouts (i touch my face a lot on my chin and i use this to wash this area to prevent breakouts)I have been using this product for years now, and I still haven't run out. I dont use it too often but when i do its really nice and refreshing for my skin. its lasted so long that my bottle isn't updated to this photo, but its the same ingredients. I will be re purchasing this product as im almost finally running out. I would recommend this to anyone.
Even though I am pushing 50, and my skin is pretty dry, I still keep this clay masque on hand. Why? Because I have large pores that are getting (ack!) even bigger as I age. With one use, I can see my pores visibly reduced. With two I'm almost back to "Pores? What pores?" This stuff is super cheap, you get a lot for your money and it works.General 411: I usually put this all over my face (except eyes and mouth, of course),leave it on 20-ish minutes to let it dry. Rinse with a wash cloth then follow with a good moisturizer on my drier bits. The next day I exfoliate really well to get rid of any dry skin flakes. After this 1-2 procedure, I look like I've had a professional facial!Unfortunately, there's no way to "cure" large pores, but this masque certainly helps keep them in check.
I use the Freeman Cucumber Facial Mask religiously, once a week, followed by Queen Helene's Mint Julep mud mask. After exfoliating I apply this mask for fifteen minutes - it's kind of fun marching around the house looking like a burn victim (the mask goes on clear and shiny, and dries clear and shiny) - before peeling it off and applying the mud mask for fifteen minutes. The mud mask is excellent for standing in clear view by your front window as the neighbor mows his lawn or answering the door for the FedEx guy so you can sign for a package. It's such a conversation starter.Anyhow, after moisturizing my skin is good to go for the week, and it's consistently clear and fresh thanks to this mask.
I'm 17 and love this stuff. Spas are kinda expensive so I say why not give myself a facial mask at home. So I went searching on here and found a whole lot of masks to try, but this interested me the most because of the natural cucumber and what it claimed to do. So I ordered it and when it finally came, I just had to use it that night. And let me tell you! I've been using this mask twice a week for a few months now, and my face looks and feels great. It also helped to reduce some of the puffiness under my eyes. They're invisible now! It makes me feel like I've been to a spa. The only reason I gave it one less of a star is because when the mask is left on overtime, it's hard to peel off. But if you leave it on for the right amount of time, it peels off easily. Other than that, I'm really happy with this product.
I really like this product, it is my go-to peel off mask. All of Freeman's products are amazing, and this one is no different. It smells just like cucumbers, and it is not difficult to remove at all. It's kind of a thicker consistency so its a little hard to spread onto your skin but its not an impossible task. I just removed it from my face about ten minutes ago and it feels fresh and clean. I recommend this to anyone looking for a peel-off mask, and if you're just shopping for masks in general, I recommend any of the Freeman products, especially this one, the lemon and mint clay mask, and the anti-stress dead sea minerals mask.
this one happens to be my least favorite. it has an extremely pungent alcohol smell to the point that it will have your eyes watering. applying it to the skin is like applying very, very thick honey. on the plus side, it is EXTREMELY cooling and invigorating as it is drying. i also enjoy peeling it off and find that the majority of it does come off in one piece, but some glue-like remnants sometimes get stuck to my eyebrows and that is not fun to scrape off. i most likely will not be buying this product again. i recommend sticking to the clay masks that freeman has to offer.
If you are looking for a peeling mask this one is pretty good.  It dries fast and you can get a good peel with it - all in one sheet. It seems to help to control my sons acne a little.I made the mistake of after the mask, using a blackhead tool and clearing out anything that came to the surface --- well everything came out easily but he was left with a face full of red marks and scabs for like a week, so I felt terrible. It draws everything to the surface and leaves the skin extra soft and sensitive and more easy to tear and damage.So I'd recommend just using the mask - and not picking after! I've used it several times without picking and it's been fine.
I guess I don't know how to use a facial peel off mask or something, but I am not happy. First off, it's like glue. It's the same thing as getting elmers glue, just smells like cucumbers. I can't spread it around to my face and it peels off like glue on your hands. You know when you get glue on your hands and peel it off as a kid? Same thing, except you can't spread it around like Elmer's. It took me forever to get it off my face and was not nice because I have peach fuzz. It got in my hair and I had to wash it out, and I didn't see a difference whatsoever in my face except that it was red from trying to get it all off. If you want a pain in the ass (and I don't like to cuss), buy this. This is something that I would never recommend to anyone whatsoever. If I'm doing it the wrong way, please someone tell me!
This is a fun product to buy and it actually works well. If you are going to use this I would suggest applying the product liberally so that you do not have a thin layer but a nice thick one. I also suggest leaving this product on for longer than 10 minutes, maybe around 15 so that it really gets to dry. Before you apply the product pull back your hair because it can get a little annoying when the product gets stuck to your hair. I would also be mindful not to get any on your eyebrows cause it can get inbetween the little hairs.Once you remove the mask you'll find that your skin is nice and soft and less oily. It does remove dead skin but do not anticipate removal of blackheads. It also leaves you with a nice soothing/cooling sensation afterwards.
I felt a bit of a tingle with this mask. Not bad though.  This is exactly the stuff I was looking for.  My mom used to use this when I was little and we would have fun peeling off together.  Great product. Fresh and light and love the softness of my skin afterwards.I like to alternate Freeman's grape seed peel off one night, clay/avacado/oatmeal 2nd night, cucumber peel 3rd....rotation.  Always using a moisturizer and spf and occasion retinol eye cream by ROC.  People tell me all the time that I look 23 and I am 36. Skin needs to be babied.
One of my favorite peel-off masks. A treat for my face. Exfoliates/peels and leaves my skin feeling super clean and soft. It's gentle on skin but cleans effectively.  The cucumber mask feels great in the hot summer months for deep cleaning and leaves my face feeling refreshed and renewed.  Dries fairly quickly and peels easily.  I use a cucumber toner after peeling off and my skin feels calmed and soothed. I have better results with moisturizing when I use this peel a couple times per week.
First of all, it does pull out stuff from your pores, bet very little bit. Just to explain: if you use strips on your nose (I think most of the girls know what strips I talk about), then you pull it out, you see some pore stuff left on the strip, but most of pores still not cleaned. So this mask working much less than strips for nose. It takes some stuff out, but its nothing, doesn't make sense to use.I couldn't find some good pore cleaner, until I try proactiv. Even if you have no pimples, try to buy just a cleanser from proactiv (the first one from regular kit), it's like a scrub, but it's first scrub in my life that really clean pores instead of scratching skin. So, put the scrab on DRY face, scrab it all for minute, especially your nose. After 2-3 use your pores will be clean. I promise.
Cucumber cool facial that is just what I wanted. My favorite was discontinued years ago and the Freeman brand isn't one I was familiar with until Amazon. Use a thin layer for best results . . . drying time is 10 min. or less. Soothing for sensitive and mature skin. Can be used daily. Product information and description is accurate. It does feel a bit sticky so just rinse your hands and remember that a thin layer accomplishes the desired results. The tube makes it easy to use and store.Consider the other peel masks offered by Freeman . . . Pomegranate is another good choice from this line of products.Definitely recommended!
This won't take off blackheads or renew your skin overnight, but for what you pay for its ok. It does make my skin softer, reduce some redness, and has a calming smell. I mainly use this with my younger sisters when I visit from College. It breaks a bit when you peel unless you are very slow about it. When applying to your face you might want to make sure you have water on the side to start washing your hands off, its very sticky and needs a bit of soap to get off! Imagine applying it then turning the water on, you'll get the handle nasty. If that happens just wait to peel it off when it dries, but kinda annoying if you have OCD!
I just brought this product yesterday at Walgreens for $4.29 and I love it. It smells great, it's a little sticky but it works. When I opened the top I wasn't expecting a clear gel like substance, I was a little hesitant at first but I followed the directions. It will dry fast so smooth it over your face fast and wait about 20 minutes and peel it off and then wash your face. 5-10 minutes is not long enough in my opinion and make sure to not put it on your eyebrows or sideburns because when your peeling it off it will be very hard to get it off your hair. If you do run into this problem do not panic just simply wash it off your face with warm water. Your face will be left feeling smooth and smelling great. The bumps on my face are smaller but not as noticeable but I will continue to use this product.
This really is a good hair dryer, it gets very hot which I love and dries the hair quickly.  I have long hair and it didn't take me long at all to dry it.  The dryer itself is pretty heavy but that was not a problem for me, to others it may be though.  The reason I gave this product a 3 is because I bought it on Sept 4 2010 and finally just had to replace it about 2 months ago because it started to make the most god awful noise when I would use it, I can only describe the noise as slowly murdering a cat behind the engine of a plane.  I do like conair products and it was definitely a good dryer and lasted me for quite a while.
This Conair Ionic was purchased after my other hair dryer fell into the pool.  Don't ask.Anyway, thinking the ionic part was just a gimmick but still hoping it was for real,  I got this.  It's a pretty thing, and on the small side which I like.I actually DID see a big improvement in the shine of my hair from using this!  My hair has more body bounce and shine, and just looks much healthier.  This seems to be less hot on the highest setting, and it takes a slightly longer time to dry my hair with this but I don't mind a bit because whatever "ionic" means, it works.  I am extremely pleased with this.  I don't find this any heavier than other hairdryers, as some reviews stated.I highly recommend this dryer.  My hair loves this.  Finally a hair dryer that seems to improve the condition of my hair instead of damaging it.  I'm so happy I got this!
There are plenty of reviews here on the performance of this dryer, which I think is fine, but I wanted to comment on it being a "quiet" dryer.  It "is" quieter than most, but my previous Conair Ionic hair dryer was 80 decibels on high, and this one is 90 decibels on high.  Anything over 80 decibels can damage your hearing, so I'm a bit disappointed in this, but again, it's still quieter than most hair dryers... but I would have thought the "newer" dryer would have been even more quiet.
I have long wavy hair and I bought this because it came with a diffuser attachment. It clicks in no problem (as well as the concentrator but I've only used it once) and you can easily take it off. The cord is longer so if you have a larger bathroom, it helps. It also has a hook on the base of the handle, you can kind of see it in the picture, which helps with storage if you choose to hang it up. I use it on the hot heat, low setting and I don't see a lot of frizz even without product. It dries my hair quickly without it being noisy. But if you use it on the high setting, it gets noisy. Overall, I love this dryer. So far. I'll post another review if anything bad happens to the dryer.
This little hair dryer really does the trick! I will admit for those with a thick head of hair this may not be the best option, but for me, with my long, thin and falling out hair its perfect. It doesn't get SUPER hot which is good because my hair is easily damaged so having a hair dryer that does not scorch my hair is a plus. I have not owned a hair dryer for the last 10 years but I was told that by blow drying my hair it will help natural oils come out that air drying doesn't release and so far I am very happy with the product. It comes with a diffuser and other small attachment as well. I love it!
I have not owned a blow dryer since 197?. However, after seeing so many products for curly blow dried hair  in Ulta, Target etc I thought maybe I should reconsider the blow dryer. I went on youtube to see what the latest info was on blow dryers. After watching lots of vids on youtube and reading amazon reviews I bought this from my local drug store. I thought if it didn't work for me I could keep it on hand for folks with straight hair when they stayed over at my house. I tried it and love the result.  I have coarse curly hair and it took less than 20 min to dry. The button placement was a bit odd, but it is an easy thing to learn. Additionally, it is not very noisy and my bathroom doesn't smell like burnt hair. I could nit pick and give this product 3 or 4 stars but I think with operator practice and a phenomenal price point it warrants 5 stars.
For me, I have tried so many different blow dryers for me baby fine and hard to manage hair. And these previously tried blow dryers blew my hair dry fast of course (I have thin hair), however, they dulled my hair and also damaged my hair as the drying velocity was much too strong and the heating was just too hot!So I tried the Conair 1875 blow dryer and was AMAZED and BLOWN AWAY (no pun intended)! This dryer I have found to dry my hair quickly and gently. Also, my hair is shinier and much more manageable.If you have baby fine hair like I do, this is the blow dryer for you!
I bought this hair dryer after my old one seemed to be taking a long time to dry my very long hair. I also had just bought another ionic hair drying tool and I loved how it helped prevent my hair from getting frizzy. I went to the store and tried out a bunch of hair dryers ranging up to $200 and this one seemed to be just as powerful as some of these very expensive dryers. I also loved that it was ionic. It does a great job at drying my hair and the attachments are really great too. I also paid double in the store for what it is listed at here.
I thought this was a more powerful dryer...my bad. I'm going to keep it since I like the color (LOL) and it dries well  with a high and low setting and 2 speeds, and has concentrator and attachment for curls. Both attachments are very tough to take off...I'm so afraid I'll break one of them....they need a better system to get them on and off. The dryer is only 1275 watts, not exactly powerful. And, very important, the buttons for high/low/off/ and heat settings are very small, and placed badly. I keep accidentally turning off the blower!
This hair dryer is heavy. And pretty huge. Also, it's hard to hold it by the handle because the rocker switches for power and heat are in the way of your fingers, so you have to practice in order to not change the settings during use. When set on hot/high, the velocity of the air is very good, but it's not hot at all -- the air is barely warm -- which is fine for drying, but certainly not good for styling. It did minimize my static flyaway hair, but since I had to use my old &#34;hot&#34; dryer to style, I lost that benefit and had to add leave-in conditioner to de-electrify my hair. The price was good, hence the two stars, but I don't recommend. Probably better for short hair.
This dryer doesn't blow hard or hot enough to straighten the waves out of my hair without a lot of extra styling, which is time-consuming. I have pretty fine, thin hair, so I think this dryer should only be good for people with very straight hair that only want to dry it, not style it. I tried using a styling brush, but the style didn't hold due to the air from the dryer being too cool. I had to use a curling iron. It does leave my hair soft and fluffy, but I wouldn't buy another one.
I've been blow drying my hair for 20 years and this is the worst blow dryer I have ever used. It takes forever to dry my hair and it doesn't give me the sleek results I'm used to. My hair dries to a wispy, flyaway state w frizz. It really doesn't get hot enough and doesn't produce enough air. Really terrible. Someone said it was heavy, but I find it lighter than most. It gets the job done just not well. I have to go over each section of my hair w a large curling iron to smooth the strands. I'm causing extra damage and wasting extra time for no reason. I'm going to go back to the Revlon line. It produces much better, quicker results.
With below the shoulder hair, I found this to dry it quickly and without burning.  I have fine, thick hair so usually it takes 10 minutes or more to dry ... and other dryers run so hot that they burn if focused in one spot for more than a moment (to set a wave, for instance).  This gets just hot enough to be safe and pleasant to use.The finger-attachment might be useful if someone else is styling your hair, but my arms (I'm 5'9") aren't long enough to make its use practicable.Two speeds, two heat settings (plus cold-shot button) actually give a very usable range for drying efficiently.  Took me less time than with my previous dryer.
This blow dryer is a little on the heavy side, and the sound isn't exactly quiet either. BUT, like most people said, I do feel a difference in the way my hair looks and feels when I use this one compared to other regular dryers. My hair tends to be dry to begin with, so maybe that's why i notice the change. But if you already have smooth hair, I wouldn't know how the product performs. Another plus is that it dries my hair quickly...takes about 1/2 the time I usually need.
In terms of how well this gets the job done, I would say this product is 3 stars.  It doesn't get as hot as my pricier Conair (both are the same watts), and it is much heavier.However, I guess it is not really that reasonable to expect a hairdryer this cheap to perform as well as a hairdryer that is 10-20 dollars more.  You can definitely use it to style your hair, but it might take longer.  Considering the price, I would say this item is a 4/5.I mainly bought it to use it at the gym/for travel.  It is a good spare dryer but I wouldn't recommend using it as your main dryer.
I've been using this product for about 2 months now. I try to use it 7 days a week, once in the morning and evening but that doesn't always happen. I'm using it to fade acne scars on lighter skinned african-american skin (similar shade to beyonce). I've noticed a huge improvement on the acne scars that I have had for years.the one con is that this product stinks. :( but you are only using this product for a couple of minutes a day so you can suck it up and deal with it.you don't have to use a whole lot of this product at all. a little bit goes a long way so you could have it for several months. i would say that theres at least 95% of the product left after having it for 2 months.
I don't have any particular scars but I wanted my skin tone to even out so I didn't have to bother with makeup. This stuff doesn't smell great nor is the texture wonderful but I do like the way my skin looks. I usually wear it at night and in the morning I use a Vita C lotion (which smells and feels great) and a simple face lotion with sunscreen. This doesn't make me break out and isn't drying. I am a lucky adult with acne so some lotions are trouble. I also have the skin tone evening face mask by palmers, which I notice more impact from than the face cream. My skin always looks fantastic after I use it.
I love Alba products for being natural and wonderful!  I also love the micro nutrients in the sea minerals.  This moisturizer is great for my dry skin, it tones and leaves my skin feeling great and nice and soft.  It takes a little bit of time to sink in, but it does sink in eventually, and the moisturizing properties last and last.  I love this stuff.I've tried the Olay total effects, and I hated it.  It was heavily perfumed, greasy, and never seemed to sink in.  Alba's is light and MUCH nicer without being greasy, it is much better.  Alba's products are always nice, cruelty free, and natural as well, a MUST HAVE for me.  Great product!  Also you can apply make up cleanly over it once its absorbed after a few minutes.  Really great.  ^^
Wow, never thought I would purchase anything else but Origins and this product proved me otherwise.  So far it has moisturized my face very well during the day (I have dry skin and sometimes flaky on my forehead, chin area and lightly on my cheeks during the winter season in the east coast).  You would have to try it since everyone's face will respond to it differently and depending on what season and where you are residing will also make a difference.  This is my first time being in the east coast during the winter season so my face is a lot more dehydrated (it has not yet acclimated to the east coast winter weather, if it will ever be) in any case this product has done it's job and I have been very happy of it.
I've used Alba See Moss Moisturizer daily religiously for over a year - no problems and you can't beat the price. I apply after morning wash, before applying foundation. I don't use the coordinating wash all the time. Most of Alba's products have impressed me for the price, this line is formulated especially for malasma, which is what drew me to it in the first place. I use the Alba Sea Moss night cream also with a hyaluronic acid gel from Reviva Labs to help with tone and discoloration. My skin looks great and I always get compliments on how nice my skin looks. Definitely recommend for women who are 35+ and have skin discoloration from too much sun or hormonal changes. So until this causes problems or Alba discontinues it, I'll keep doing what I'm doing.
I've been using this for about 2 weeks now. I got this product hoping it would be a huge turn around for my overly dry skin. And while sadly my skin is still dry, it is less harsh than regular body washes out there and leaves me feeling very moisturized after a shower. However, the relief only seems to last mere minutes. I'm still having to use lotion all over my body on a daily basis. Maybe my results will change with the season as right now its winter and the air is fairly dry, but I'm not so sure.  The smell isn't horrible, but its also not great. And when I received the package body wash had leaked all per inside the box and all over the bottle. That Was something I was most definitely not happy with. I will probably, however, continue to use the product as organic stuff is still healthier for your skin.
First off, The description states that is had a paraben it it. IT DOES NOT!! Parabens are harmful to us , manufacturers like them because they preserve the shelf life of a product which is cancerous to our bodies. Alba botanica products do not contain parabens especially not this item. It is written in big bold letters on the bottle:No animal testing, artificial colors, prabens, phthalates, sodium lauryl/lareth or methyl sulfate. !!When I step out the shower, my skin looked so well moisturized, I didnt even need to lotion. It was radiant, as if I went to the spa. I loved the shine so much, Im excited everytime I use it. Unlike the minty version of this product this one has actual moisturizing benefits and I suffer from dry skin so that's a plus!It smells wonderful and what can I say its a great NATURAL product!!
The smell is fantastic but I wished it was stronger and lasted longer; though maybe this would be good for someone who wants scented body wash but who are sensitive to overpowering scents. My husband even loves the smell. I was happy that there is a good amount of lather since most shampoos that are sulfate free do not have any lather. I even used it as a shampoo and it did not dry my hair out at all! I have since tried the tropical scent of this body wash and I prefer it more over the honey mango.
I just purchased and used this body wash from Alba today. I bought it from Super Supplements for around $14. I figured the larger size would last me longer then the smaller bottle.The smell is very pleasant, and after showering with this product my skin is soft and not overdried. (Like with most organic products)I am a fan of Albas other products so this one was a must try, of course.My Husband wont mind using this one either, and its much better for him to use then Axe! ;)
It says that you should see results in 2 weeks. Well, I didn't, but I guess we all have different skin. I could start seeing results within the first month (right cheek & forehead). It truly works.Make sure you use it with a sunscreen though. Fade creams can potentially damage skin when the profuct is on and the skin is exposed to sunlight.Along with the fade cream, I used Alba's Skin Lotion w/h SPF 15 as well as Palmer's Cocoa Butter Lotion during the night. On nights were it got really cold, I used Bio Oil on my face with the fade cream underneath.Will definitely buy a second bottle (well, jar) soon.
I've already have this product and ordered it in January. I decided to come online and write about how well its working and I plan to order more soon! I am a dark skinned african american women and have had discoloration on my face for years until I began to use this product. I only use this product, suncreen, along with carbolic soap and have seen a DRASTIC improvement. I was scared this would burn my skin or make me itch because I suffer from eczema and tend to have sensitive skin but no problems whatsoever! :)
I really think if your skin is like leather this is for you.  Otherwise, stay away.  I followed the directions and then started cutting back when I noticed it was turning into red splotches.  I finally quit after a week or so.  I was so embarrassed to go out of the house.  All I wanted was to get rid of the red spots that were left after pimples came and left.  I am a strawberry blonde with fair skin.  The alpha hydroxy is the culprit.  I had high hopes.  This product deserves zero stars.
I couldn't wait to get this eye pillow. I read the reviews and was hoping that the scent wasn't too overpowering. Well it came last night, I opened the box expecting a beautiful scent of lavender and I can BARELY smell the scent. I don't know if I just received one that was older or what, but when I used it last night the lavender was so faint that even holding it up to my nose didn't work. I love the fabric and it's very well made, just doesn't smell...is there something you can do?
ok so first of all it has a VERY Strong odor. its not going to fade so don't worry about that.  when I first got it the smell was actually a little overwhelming but it has calmed down a little over the months.  this is a great product to relax with, this is not a good product to try to sleep with as it slides all over the place.  I am sure some people who sleep on their backs would love this but I sleep on my side so I am constantly doing a balancing act with it until I fall asleep.  For headaches or just general relaxation when you are laying on your back I highly advise!
Years ago someone gave me one of this type eye pillow and I have loved it.  The fragrance was very soothing and really aided my relief from migraines.  The company that manufactured it has since been sold and I was looking for a replacement.  DreamTime is the perfect replacement.  It has the exact aroma and is well made as was the first one.  I also have ordered one for my daughter and she enjoys hers as well.  I recommend to these to everyone I know who has migraines.
Suave is value for the money.  It's not watered down like some other inexpensive brands.  Thick and rich, smooth and silky.  I just love how my hand just glides over my skin in the shower, like I had just buttered myself all up!  It's the same sensation as showering in very soft water -- only I live in an area with nothing but hard water.  I feel clean and moisturized when I'm done.  I've always been a fan of Suave products and this one just reaffirms my loyalty.
I recently read the book Curly Girl and have been trying out different organic/natural products for my hair that are free of sulfates (very drying), silicones, alcohols and parabens. This shampoo is amazing! It smells fantastic and cleans very well. I use EO's restorative conditioner after and my hair looks fabulous and my curls are magazine-worthy!!I purchased an entire line of EO hair products - shampoo, conditioner, pre-shampoo and styling cream and the gel for curly hair. I love every single product.It is so refreshing to find a company that offers AFFORDABLE chemical-free hair products that actually work extremely well. Thanks EO Products!!!!
YUCK! I am really starting to think many of these rave reviews are fake, because go on over to Makeupalley and everyone else hates this product as well. I have never in my life actually thrown away a full product, until this one. It was literally unusable. It made my face look muddy, not natural at all. And it also clumped up around my eyebrows and the sides of my face, even though I didn't use that much! It just looked so bad, I didn't feel guilty about throwing it in the garbage at all. Buy at your own risk
I have been using the Neutrogena Ageless Intensives Tone Correcting Tinted Moisture, Sheer Tint, SPF 30, which is currently out of stock on AMAZON.  I decided to try the Healthy Defense product instead.I am 57 years old and although I like this product I do prefer the Ageless Intensives because I feel like it hydrates my skin better than the Healthy Defense.  This product goes on a little thicker and doesn't feel as light on my skin.I have found that if I am working outside for several hours, I still need a sunscreen product under this one.  It does not seem to be as effective in blocking the sun as I would expect for an SPF 30.All in all, this is an acceptable sub until the Ageless product becomes available.  If you have younger skin or do not spend hours outside this may be the perfect product for you.
I am clumsy when it comes to applying mascara - I sweat, I hold my breath, yet I always manage to put mascara on my cornea - with regular mascara, that is. So I spent a long time looking for a mascara with the tiniest wand possible and one that doesn't smudge and sting my extremely sensitive eyes. I am glad that I found the perfect one for my with this Maybelline Lash Discovery Mascara! Since the wand is so small, it picks up just enough mascara to coat my lashes both top and bottom and it lasts all day even when my eyes get watery. I'll never look at another mascara again!
My lashes are long, thick but unfortunately straight  I only use the mascara to highlight them and keep them curled after using the curler on them.I have been using Estee Lauder&iexcl;s product for but a friend insisted this is just as good. Estee&iexcl;s mascara is $20+ for a new tube. I figured I have only $5 to lose if this works just as well.I&iexcl;m impressed. I really like this product. I now own both the regular and waterproof. No clumping or flaking.Cannot believe I&iexcl;ve been paying for Estee Lauder all these years when this works just as well for me. The only negative is I really dislike the tiny, hard brush and prefer Estee&iexcl;s brush but for this price I can definitely get past that.
This product gives you good coverage without looking heavy or leaving a line of demarcation at your neckline. It doesn't have a chalky or powdery look, and has an added bonus of sunscreen. I usually prefer a cream matte foundation, but this Maybelline Purestay Powder & Foundation gives me excellent results as well. If you find that you need a little extra coverage for whatever reason, this powder also goes on looking natural on top of other cosmetics -- just use a light touch in applying.This makeup has excellent staying power, and that's what really counts. Who has time to keep checking in a mirror and retouching your face all day long? I never once felt the need to do my face again during the day!This is a good value at a fair price. Recommended!
I used to use liquid foundation when I was younger and my pores were much smaller.  Now that I am in my 40's I find that liquid foundation doesn't apply well and leaves my face looking flaky.  This product is perfect to use in place of liquid, applies evenly and covers blemishes well.  It can be applied throughout the day to reduce shininess and doesn't cake or build up.  This is the only product I use unless I am going for a more dramatic look, in which case I use a silicone primer and liquid but, even then I apply this on top of the liquid with a brush to reduce shine
This is the best foundation I have ever used.  It is easy to apply, completely covers and evens the skin tone, and stays on all day without clumping up.  Like the other reviewers, I appreciate that it dries matte.  I tried it because I have lupus and live at a high altitude, so I need extra UV protection.  So far so good.  The ability to lighten and darken the tone is great, although I do wish there were a way to add cooler/pink tones, since it is a tad yellowish.  That being said, I get lots of compliments about my skin when I wear this and, hey, I feel pretty!
This sunblock provides great physical sun protection.  It is good for people who have normal or combination to oily skin.  It feels a little heavy on your face but not as gross or greasy as regular sunblock or sunscreen.  It actually provides decent coverage and evens out your skin tone quite nicely.  The concept of being able to adjust the color of the foundation is pretty cool.  I wish cosmetic companies would provide regular foundations with this concept.  The color is pretty neutral, neither warm nor cool toned.  I could see, however, that on darker skin tones it could possibly be a little ashy due to the mineral sunblock content.
I have trouble with sunscreen causing breakouts and this almost never causes blemishes.  I also have come to hate the smell of typical sunscreen and this doesn't have that smell.  I have light to medium tone Caucasian skin with some yellow undertones and this is so thick it can double as foundation makeup.  It says it dries clear, but it's a little chalky and would probably really look bad if you have dark or ethnic skin.  I have read that the tinted kind doesn't blend well with Asian skin.
This is by far the best sun block I have ever used.  It goes on well and does the job it says it will, totally blocks the sun.  I used it in Florida recently and never burned and I have skin that burns within 20 to 30 minutes of strong sunlight.  Also this did not cause any irritation to my super sensitive skin.  I use in whenever I see that we are having a sunny day as UV rays penetrate car windows.  The key to using this product is to put it on about 20 to 30 minutes before going out and to reapply every three hours or so.
I started using this product about 4-5 months ago and I must say, I love this scrub! Its better than most scrubs I've used. Its gentle on skin, beads are very fine and it doesnt irritate my skin, smells heavenly and best of all, it doesn't make my skin break out nor makes it more oily. I've always had acne and had mild to moderate amount of acne scars on my face as well, with daily use for several months, I've started to notice that the scars are fading away, not completely gone but much less visible than before. Will definitely repurchase this! Also, price is great and a lasts a good while.
I've used the Olay Regenerist cleanser, St. Ives scrub, Neutrogena, Estee Lauder, Ahava - need I go on? But I really like this Aveeno scrub (though "scrub" is a bit of an overstatement considering how small the beads are). I like the citrusy smell and the way it cleans gently. I wish it were a little more scrubby but I can't seem to find something that's about half way between this and the super-rough St. Ives so I'll stick with this until I do.
This stuff isn't very moisturizing at all. It has SPF 30 which automatically makes it thicker, plus the tint, this is just as moisterizing as foundation. I don't use foundation so I like that this is a very light foundation substitute, and that's what I would call it, not a moisterizer. I mix mine with grapeseed or emu oil so that it goes on slick and not cakey. When combined with my facial oil, I love the stuff..... But by itself? No good.Also I have moderate acne which I try VERY hard to keep under control, and this product does NOT make me break out.
I used Aveeno for years but switched to Elta MD over two years ago and have not looked back:Eltamd UV Clear SPF 46, 48-Gram 1.7 oz.Elta MD UV Clear SPF 46 provides higher spf protection and goes on smoother with a cleaner finish.  Elta MD is much better for combination or acne prone skin than Aveeno.  Elta MD does a FANTASTIC job of calming the excess redness in my complexion, something Aveeno has no effect on.  I also love how Elta MD goes on much lighter than Aveeno and Elta MD lasts longer as a result.  Elta MD is more expensive than Aveeno but I found myself going through an Aveeno every 2 months and a container of Elta MD lasts me over 4 months, so net net you are spending about the same or less with Elta MD over time.Thanks for taking the time to read my review, and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision.
I love these. Minus one star because they are almost either too large, or too soapy. I cut them in half because I feel like I am wasting product at the end because their is a lot left in the pad. The cleanser is very gentle, and I really like the exfoliating side of the pad. Very useful for when I am in a hurry and don't have time to do my whole skin care routine. I also like to use them in the morning if I need a quick cleanse or if I wake up and my face is a little oily.
My dermatologist recommended this brand of spf 30 for daily use because I have Rosecea.  I love this brand because it gives me a nice fresh glow if I don't wear makeup and it is easily worn under makeup because it's not greasy.  I've tried many other brands and probably my 2nd choice would be Eucerine's spf30 for face.  But I still say this is the best because it doesn't feel like you've got sunscreen on.  It seems to stay on well during exercise too, because I alway put it on when I go for bike rides and never burn.
This scrub replaces the Neutrogena scrub that my daughter and I used. I bought the Neutrogena for myself and as she progressed into a tween she needed a scrub too. She didn't care for the smell of the Neutrogena but it did work very well. I had been buying the Aveeno acne pads for her and decided to get this for the night time routine. She loves the smell and the texture and I love the great price. It leaves a soft glow to her skin and her face never feels oily.This combined with the Aveeno pads, a daily moisturizer with SPF 15 UV protector in the morning, followed by this at night, seems to be doing the trick for keeping acne at bay and keeping her young face bright and healthy.Don't tell her but, dad is using it too now.
STAY AWAY FROM IT IF YOU WEAR CONTACTS AND HAVE SENSITIVE SKIN. I put this on my face and it felt alright for the first hour. I noticed my eyes started getting irritated and a rash on my forehead. My eyes looks stressed and was red. I didn't put this on the next day and my eyes felt way better and no rash. However my face is red from the irritation from this sunscreen. This product seems like the perfect choice for me:A daily moisturizer that has clinically proven Total Soy Complex and natural light diffusers that work to naturally even out skin toneGentle enough for sensitive skin and daily useOil freeHypoallergenicNoncomedogenic(won't clog pores)but the result turned out to be a bad product for me...I wish I could get my money back. If you wear contacts do not buy this. This product has a very heavy scent that will irritate your eyes and you will be desperate to take your contacts off.....
I cannot use liquid foundation. I have tried tons of different products and everything I use, no matter how light, turn orange on my skin after a very short time. I decided to try tinted moisturizer and this seems to blend like I was hoping it would. This is not for someone who needs a lot of coverage. I have normal skin and I don't get acne very often so I don't need anything full coverage. I tried this and for the first 2 days I used it it seemed to blend well, I would still wipe some off after I went out into the sunlight, but I didn't have to remove all of it. This morning I put it on and it wasn't even on my skin for 5 minutes and I looked like I was turning into an oompa loompa. No matter how much I tried to blend it around my skin. Maybe I am destined to never wear liquid makeup. :(
I have sensitive skin and a history of melanoma so I require a high spf.  I chose this product because my old product was discontinued, Aveeno has typically been very gentle and this one offered a 30 spf, which I need.It smells like sunscreen.  It went on easily but after a few minutes, it feels like it's kind of caked on.  Like a layer on top of my skin.  After a few hours, my skin felt very dried out as if I hadn't put a moisturizer on at all.  Three days into using it, I got two huge under the skin pimples that left marks on my face for over week.
I have this tinted moisturizer in light/fair and I thought it was decent, but not great. It has a lot of sparkles in it, and I find that they rub off easily. At first I didn't notice the sparkles, and thought I was secretly a stripper at night(Sleep stripping?). Turns out it was this product. The bottle is very poorly designed; product builds up on the outside, and then dries up, and has to be removed. It's kind of gross. It wastes product, too. I ended up discontinuing use of this product before I ran out, because of how much glitter it contains.
I'm not sure if it's because I'm used to foam, but this product doesn't do it for me. I was very disappointed. I should state however that I have a very clear youthful complexion with combination skin.  I think this would work well for those with dry skin because it feels a little too heavy after washing with mine.  It does feel silky but like I said for someone with combination skin it might be too greasy/heavy. I feel like I'm wearing makeup. I'm certain that if my skin was dry I would love it though.
This is one of the better acne products out there. I use it almost everyday to gently exfoliate and clean my skin. Some people, like my brother, prefer the large beads in a facial scrub, but I like the smaller beads in this one. Because the beads are finer, it feels like it's exfoliating more evenly. It can also be used in combination with other products, where as other facial scrubs might be too harsh for combination with anything else in the day. I would recommend trying it out; It's effective, cheap, and the tube lasts for a really long time.
I've used this product for about 2 years, but after running out and having to borrow my sister's (Eucerin Everyday Protection/SPF 30) for a week or so, my breakouts all but disappeared! I didn't change anything else in my routine or lifestyle habits - it had to be this moisturizer making me break out. If you look closely in the mirror after applying, you'll notice little glitter flecks. In my opinion, it's completely unnecessary and just contributing to the amount of crap available to clog pores! It has a tendency to leave my skin still thirsty for moisture too, also contributing to breakouts. Overall, it's ok, but after trying another product (that's also less expensive!), I found this wasn't what I assumed was as good at it got.
I looked in the mirror and saw glitter on my face, I was sad and thought my eyeshadow wasnt so great and was coming off. Then I noticed that the glitter was also on my palms... its this moisturizer, I suppose the natural light reflector... are like mirrors / glitter, Im actually wondering if it is seashell as that pops up in lotions sometimes, this is one reason I dont like the moisturizer so much... I'll only be wearing this on my upper lip, as soy is suppose to minimize hairs... and Ill see how that goes... Id wear this at the beach, or going to a night club... it does make skin feel soft, but Im not a total fan of the texture, beats olay though, but I think ill be going back to neutrogena.
If by positively radiant, Aveeno means shininess, then this is the product for you. I love Aveeno products, but this one isn't it. I have some light acne scars and I heard this was a good way to cover it up (BB creams, tinted moisturizers, etc.).When I first applied the product, it really burned and felt like a sunburn for a good 30 minutes. Then, I waited for it to dry and not look as shiny but it pretty much glimmered on my skin for the rest of the night. The color was marked fair to light, yet it was rather orange. Overall, I'm disappointed in the results. I'll stick to my Maybelline concealer for now.
I work in Afghanistan and had a hard time keeping any time of make-up on in the summers because of the heat.  I would sweat it off immediately.  I got this in the hopes of it staying on a little better, giving me some protection from the sun and being able to reapply through the day without it looking like I just added another layer of foundation.  This is pretty much a very light foundation.  I don't think it moisturized my face at all and it didn't cover any red spots or blemishes.  I was disappointed because I normally love Aveeno products.
I have pretty clear but dry skin. I wanted something light and easy to apply that wouldn't dry out my skin. I decided to take a chance on this one since I generally like Aveeno. I'm really pale so I did like that it added a tiny bit of color to my face and that I could just rub it like any moisturizer.Aside from that, I didn't like the sparkles in it. I can't tell you how hard it is for me to find a foundation or tinted moisturizer that doesn't have sparkles in it. I prefer my makeup to look like I'm not wearing any, the sparkles take away from that illusion.This is just a preference though, because apparently there are people who do like all that glitter in their makeup but if you're like me and prefer a more natural look, try a Korean BB cream instead like Skin79.
I work full time and go to school at night so I was looking for a product that I could throw on in a hurry that was able to stand in place of make up. I have combination skin so a moisturizer was just what I was looking for. At first I LOVED this product! It covered quiet well and was very moisturizing. However, I only wore it for 4-5 hours at a time while I was in class. I later tried it on a weekend and noticed I had some minor break outs. The more I used it the more I broke out. Then I noticed there is SHIMMER in it! If you have acne shimmer will accentuate your break outs. Awful!Pros:Coverage; Not quite as good as make up but able to stand inSmell; VERY light smell of sun tan lotion, other than that unscentedFeel; It goes on pretty thick but absorbs into the skin well so you don't feel too greasy. Heavier than my normal face lotion, thoughSPFCons:SHIMMER!Caused break outs
I wanted a stronger SPF and decided to try the 30. As is usually the case, I don't care much for the texture of this higher SPF. Otherwise it's okay. Unless you really need a higher SPF, you'll probably like the feel of the SPF 15 better. This one seems greasy. I have combination skin, but even when I dried out this winter I didn't care much for the texture of it. The extra grease didn't seem to help my dry skin problem either! It just made me shiny lol. I still use this (just to finish the bottle), but only mixed with make up.I haven't tried the tinted version of this moisturize because they don't make it in brown *ahem!*. :-)
I'm a 29 year old active male with moderately oily skin and I generally like this product.  The exfoliation is more gentle than most "scrubs" due to the very tiny beads.  It almost feels like you are rubbing fine grit sand on your face.  The actual cleansing portion is fairly gentle and smells nice.  Just a little dab of this will easily cover your face and I find one bottle lasting me over a month.One thing I will note is that this tends to be a tad harsh for normal skin - especially during the winter months.  I like to mix usage of this withAveeno Smart Essentials Scrub, since the latter is a little more gentle on the skin for when you don't need much exfoliation.
I absolutely love this product!  Finally, a tinted moisturizer that actually has some coverage to it.  I would definitely say this falls more into the BB cream category without all of the marketing gimmicks.  I use this as my daily makeup, use some color correcting concealer if needed, and set with a translucent powder.  I love that it is actually light enough for me, but be aware that there is nothing medium about this product, unless you are in the middle of the fair skin tones.  I love that the product helps even out skin tone & has SPF 30.  This product is 14.99 at my local Target so be sure to price compare!
Bought this today at Publix (our local grocery) on clearance for $8.00.  I really didnt need a sunscreen, just a tinted moisturizer as I dont like to wear foundation in Fla. in the hot humid season.  I read the other reviews and (1) The texture is due to the spf30 and quickly absorbs into the skin.  (2) Dont buy this if you have very dry skin as it is a lighweight moisturizer.  The fair to light works fine for me.
PROS- I LOVE the way this makes my skin look! It has light reflectors that highlight parts of my face and gives my skin this gorgeous sheen.- SPF- Skin looks more even after continuous use.*CONS- *Unfortunately, it clogs my pores and causes me to break out if I leave it on all day; on the other hand, if I wash it off immediately when I get home after a few hours, my skin looks better.- Not water resistant. It will &#34;melt&#34; when it comes in contact with water.I've recently started trying to use more natural, eco-friendly products. Aveeno Positively Radiant Tinted Moisturizer isn't 100% natural and I believe it has an EWG rating of 3 with limited information from Aveeno. Although it seems to clog my pores and melts when it comes in contact with water, I REALLY like the way it looks. I use it when I know that I won't be out all day, that I won't be around water and I want to look fresh.
I don't like heavy foundations, at all. I've been trying to stick strictly to bare minerals, but in the desert heat that I live in it's impossible for the minerals to stick to my dry skin. This moisturizer is the perfect remedy! The coverage isn't total, but that's what I love most about it! It minimizes flaws so you don't look like you're trying too hard, it really makes your skin look natural. The light reflectors are nice too because they give my skin that youthful dewy look. I tone it down a bit with my bare minerals powder, but it's nice to feel like your skin looks healthy, and that's exactly what this product does.Also, I never felt that this moisturizer was too thick. One pump gave me total coverage and spread really easily. They only had medium in my store, and I have fair skin, but I still found it to blend really well with my skin color. I love, Love, LOVE this product!!!
I have tried facial creams priced from 200 dollars to 4.99!  Aveeno is the very best without question.  It hydrates, smooths, lightens dark areas, and is never greasy.  Just try it once ~  you wont regret it!NOTE:  I recently discovered I have a wheat intolerance.  SOME, not all, Aveeno product use wheat and oats.  Even on my skin, I had problems with reactions.  If you do not have wheat issue...  The Aveeno line is excellent in both results and social responsibility.
I bought this because I love the Aveeno Positively Radiant (non-tinted) moisturizer that is SPF 15 and now that winter is here, my pale skin needs some color. I also use the Jergens Natural Glow facial moisturizer, but it just doesn't keep my makeup in place throughout the day like Aveeno does. So, I bought this product thinking it was more like a gradual tanner. At first I was taken aback when I saw how thick the lotion is but I am pleasantly surprised. The Fair to Light is perfect for my skin and it evens it out nicely before I apply my daily makeup. I've typically tried BB creams in the past for this purpose but they all make me break out. I'd highly recommend this over a BB cream. Great product!
I work fast food so you can imagine how terrible that is for someone with sensitive oily acne prone skin. I went to spend some time with my sister straight after work one day and she had me use these and WOW is the best way to describe these wonderful things. My face felt completely clean like it cleaned away all of my makeup and i felt it cleaning my pores. I looked at my face the next day and it looked so much clearer than it has in years. I will definitely be buying some of my own and i recommend these to everyone who want a clear and clean face.
I'm used to using "kiss my face tinted moisturizer" which I thought was alittle cakey but I loved the coverage with a little moisturizer added to it. This Aveeno product doesn't seem so cakey to me.  It actually has less coverage then I'm used to and bc it's "radiant" has a bit of sheen, which I'm not used to and actually don't really like.  It would prob. be nice for going to the beach, to the lake or for other active outdoor activities, but not something I want to wear to church or to a nice function (which is usually when I want to add some tint).  I won't buy this again, but will be shopping around for something without sheen, as the kiss my face tinted moisturizer has been discontinued.
I've used a lot of tinted moisturizers and as a rule I LOVE Aveno prouducts. To due skin cancer and using Renova, I have got to SPF my skin all year.I love Aveno products & my skin lady uses them after treatment. I am a natural platinum blonde so i go from very pale in the winter to a light tan as the weather warms.In general, this is a good quality product with adequate coverage & excellent SPF protection &  while transparent it also evens out the complexion. I believe it has a powder base as this seems to sink into large pores and deep lines. TO avoid this, I put 3 drops of a higher SPF &  mix it into the Aveno and then apply. This takes care of the problem.I also bought the light and medium and mix the two together to get the perfect shade. I store it mixed in a clean glass baby food jar & capped tight.
I have been using this for several weeks now in the morning (I use something else at night) and it works well.  The bottle is very nice but one pump doesn't seem like enough so I always have to do at lest two.  I use this with my Clarisonic face brush and it lathers up very nice.  Everyone has different skin and everyone's skin reacts differently to products.  This product hasn't broken me and leaves my skin feeling clean and smooth.  It doesn't hydrate it as by the time I have my hair dried with the hair dryer I feel like I need some face lotion on.  But I feel this is pretty typical for my skin during the winter months as it gets pretty dry.  I would repurchase this cleaner in the future and would recommend it.
I love these but feel a bit profligate ordering something I could probably concoct at home. There appears to be some mild soap, witch hazel and aloe applied to compressed fiber pads which are disposable....Not very green. I use them more than once because they lather so richly and after two uses, I clean my sink and vanity with them. They don't strip my skin of all of its oils and leave my face feeling fresh without any irritation. The only improvement would be to have the lotion and use my own wash cloths....
I discovered this product when I was searching for something to cover up the whiteness caused by Aveeno 85 Sunblock. This moisturizer is perfect for that purpose. It has SPF 30, which is not relevant to me, since it's going on over the heavy sunblock, but that is a nice feature for anyone wanting to protect their skin. I use the Fair to Light tint, and it covers up the sunscreen with a nice even coverage. It's very sheer and natural looking and I have gotten a lot of compliments on my skin since I started using it. I don't use a lot, just one pump in the morning and I'm done, so it lasts a really long time. Like all the Aveeno products, it has a faint pleasant smell that doesn't linger. Well worth the price.
This stuff is terrible.  It makes my skin break out because it leaves a waxy residue on your face after you wash it off that clogs my pores.  Also, the "microbeads" are a joke - you can barely tell they're there and they don't help exfoliate at all.  Worst of all is that this scrub is like a gel, and I prefer scrubs that are like a cream.  To top it off, it does not "brighten" or even out my skin tone at all.  I would not buy this garbage again.
I was using Aveeno Skin Complexion Skin Care before I tried this one. In preparation for the summer, I thought I would get an Aveeno product with SPF. Unfortunately, I got 3 big pimples after I started using this Aveeno product. When I returned to the Aveeno product I used before, my skin  cleared up, and honestly, my skin hasn't looked this great in a long time. So I guess this a recommendation for Aveeno Skin Complexion Care b/c I'd rather not have pimples. I still have the almost-full, used bottle of this stuff. Oh well...
My boyfriend and I both have very fair skin that's prone to redness. Aveeno Positively Radiant Daily Moist is a little too orange and shiny on its own. But mixed with Eucerin Redness Relief moisturizer, it's the perfect moisturizer to cover up small imperfections, reduce redness, and provide a natural-looking tone. By itself on my boyfriend, it looks like he's wearing some sort of shimmery makeup. But mixed with the Eucerin Redness Relief (which is green in color), it looks very neutral and natural. I also love the SPF 30!
Ok, i love aveeno products but this is a total FAIL!! And a waste of $$ for that matter. I'm on a budget, and i was looking for something budget-friendly from a drug store. After all the hype about this product, i decided to give it a try. First of all, the scent was overbearing, too greasy, my skin is combination/oily, and this made it worse!! I was extremely oily all day even make-up didn't help. I also developed a rash on my T-zone. I'm a very patient person so i stuck with it for a month before dumping it! Started using St.ives and so happy with the results not to mention the price is 2 less for what i paid for this junk! Too bad i won't get my hard earned $$ back!
I bought this to replace a similar product from a different brand.  It is larger, thicker, and more absorbent than the other one, and I really like it.  I have approximately elbow length hair, fine strands but thick volume with 2a/b curls.  This dries faster than a towel and leaves my hair less fuzzy.  It also seems to result in less breakage; hair is a lot weaker when it is wet and traditional towels are hard on it.  The towel is also thinner than a traditional towel, and so you can easily make a great turban that dries your hair while you put on makeup or do other things.
This is a fantastic product! I cannot wash my hair without it.  I am so used to this towel sucking up all the extra water that when I just use a normal bath towel it actually feels weird to have all the excess water in my hair.  This also cuts down on a lot of blowdryer time too. I have fine, medium length hair and this works fantastic for me.  I highly, highly recommend this for anyone who wants to save time on drying their hair in the morning and get out of the door faster.
I had one of these decades ago when I blow dryed my hair and used hot rollers -- I thought the towel was great.  I recently bought another, as my hair is very long and naturally curly (it has to air dry).  First of all, this towel will not stay twisted in a turban while I put on moisturizer, etc., and second, it soaks up so much moisture that my hair dries frizzy (even with product on it).  I'm dissappointed with my purchase, and would not recommend this to anyone with naturally curly hair that need to be air dried.
I have very thick, coarse hair and was tired of wrapping my head with the standard cotton towel at home. Plus, the towels were always rough on my hair and would get soggy immediately. I purchased this towel to put less stress on my hair follicles and to improve the drying time.I was very excited that I was able to wrap all of my hair in the towel (about arm-pit length, 4b/4c, coarse) and it stayed put. No problems there at all. However, I noticed that the towel started to get really soggy after about 30 mins. I had to take it off and squeeze it out.I think this is mainly because my hair type holds onto water much more than others and because the towel is pretty small. So, the next time, I just made sure that I squeezed as much excess water out of my hair as possible before wrapping and it was not as bad.I really like the towel but it is definitely not totally equipped to handle all hair types.
I've been losing hair for some time and I'm pretty sure the reason is all the blow drying and product I use to &#34;protect&#34; my hair from the heat process.I found this towel on Amazon by accident and figured I have nothing to lose...but more hair...so I bought it.I had to re-dampen sections of my hair to apply mousse cause it was almost completely dry after having it wrapped for about 5 minutes.I can see this towel coming with me on all my vacations!
Bought this to use at the pool. I like that it's thin. I would say the absorbency is the same as a regular thick towel (not moreso, but it's super thin so I'm still a fan). I have loads of long hair, and I still find this towel a bit too big. It's not quite big enough for a full body towel, so I wish it were smaller or bigger, and less in between. Thought about trying a hair turban, but I suspect they're not as user-friendly (especially for tons of hair) as they appear.But overall I'm pretty happy with it. Again, love the light, thiness. Perfect for the gym.
I bought this towel to wrap around my hair because normal bath towels make my hair frizzy. This towel definitely cuts down on frizz and makes my hair look much more tame. It is the perfect size to wrap my head with and does not feel to heavy on it. The only issue I have with this towel is that it is not as absorbent as I need it to be. If I had fine to normal hair, I would probably give this product 5 stars. However, I have a lot of thick, curly hair that sops up water like a sponge so I need a little more absorbency than this towel provides. Overall, I would say to give this towel a try. There's a reason why it has got so many good reviews.
The Aquis Microfiber Hair Towel is very absorbant and soaks up water in a jiffy.  The towel is big enough to wrap around very long hair and is shaped longer lengthwise to make a turbin if desired.  Hair dries much quicker with the use of this towel.  I see only one drawback, and that is the towel is sort of smooth and a little bit slippery, which takes some practice to get it to stay on your head.  This is the only towel I reach for now after washing my hair and makes for less drying time with the hair dryer. Worth the price and a good investment for those of us with longer hair.
Having obtained one of the Aquis towels from a brick and mortar store over 2 years ago, I decided to get another for gym and travel purposes. The previous Aquis towel has stood in good stead, maintaining its smooth feel and quickly drying after use. Even if you have short or medium length hair, using this towel as a turban and then using it to absorb some of the water left in your hair can shorten your time with a wet head or your time under the blow drier. Or if you choose, drape it over your pillow and you won't end up with a "terry cloth" face the next morning after slumber.If you're traveling to someplace where towels are stingy or none existent, this would be a good general use item to take along without too much weight or bulk. You won't dry your body with it but it would make a good supplement.
It's not just an ad campaign, a super-absorbent towel really does speed up hair drying. I spend less time with the hair dryer when I use this towel. Less time with the hair dryer means my hair looks less fried out and feels softer.I liked the idea of the hair turbans that came out a few years ago, but realistically they never quite fit. For me the loops and buttons and such were not in quite the right place for my particular head. A flat towel works much better for me. It is nice and long so I can make my own turban.I have two different brands of these hair towels. The Aquis one is much softer than the other one.I confess that I pretty much ignore any special laundry instructions. I figure it lives in the bathroom, it must be laundered with the other bath towels with no special care. So far it is holding up well under that arrangement.
Years ago, I bought a similar towel from the Body Shop (I'm talking fifteen years ago) and was terribly upset when it reached its final days.  I searched but couldn't find a similar one on the market.  When I saw this as a suggestion for me (thanks Amazon) I read the reviews and purchased it. Now I haven't had it long enough to notice any kind of smell, but I immediately noticed the difference versus a regular towel.  I have fine hair that doesn't take too long to dry, but I like to get it as dry as possible before I expose it to the heat of a blow dryer.  Not only am I going to order a couple more for me, I plan on ordering them this Christmas as presents for the girls in my life.  Don't hesitate!
I have to admit that this has been used as a spare dryer for the past year, but it is still used twice a month at least. It saw heavy use with waist length hair the three years prior. Even though it now costs almost half of what I paid for it, I still think it is a decent value. My Rusk 1900 watt ceramic dryer blows this dryer away, but it isn't fair to compare an $80 dryer to something that now costs $15. The amount of heat is pretty good and it gets my hair dry in an acceptable amount of time. The cold air button is really more of a "less hot air" than actual cold air, but I really don't have a use for cold air, anyway. After all these years, the cord is starting to bend oddly right at the plug, so I don't think it has a lot of life in it left unless I find a way to replace the cord. But I still think I got my money's worth.
I gave this dryer a 5 because I am very satisfied with the speed that it dries and how soft and smooth my hair is right afterwards.  This is probably not the only dryer that will give these kinds of results and it's probably not the best.  But if you have thick long hair like mine(reaches my waist)this is a handy tool.  It is a little heavy but it shouldn't be a problem if you only need to hold it for 5-10 minutes.  The real reason why I chose this ionic dryer is because I love Revlon's button configuration. The top button lets me adjust the temperature from cool, warm to hot.  And the bottom button adjusts the air flow from low, med to high. It lets me control and style my hair how I want to. I get so frustrated when the temperature corresponds to the air flow setting because it won't let me use hot on low or cool on med...catch my drift?  Anyway, nice dryer:)
Sometimes you get what you pay for. This is one of those cases. There's no lint on the back that would cause it to overheat or anything. One day it just started switching to a warm/cool setting even though it was set to hot. As time went on, it just doesn't even get hot anymore at all, warm at best. I had this less than 1 year and always kept the back cleared of lint so this is just a junk product. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it does come with attachments that similarly priced dryers don't usually come with, and there's a removable cover thing on the lint trap in the back that makes it way easier to clean, you can remove it and wash it off in the sink in 2 seconds. But it doesn't work long so don't expect much.
I have really thick, hard to curl, dry, asian hair. This iron did not work for me at all.  The iron did not get hot enough to do anything. I guess it would work if I did small one-inch sections, but I have so much hair, it's just not worth the time.  The waves it did create were fizzy and ugly.My friend, who has thin hair, uses this iron all the time and it works great.I recommend the Hot Tools Deep Waver.  It worked a lot better on my hair and created well defined waves.
I also saw this product used by Paula on the Real World Key West and I love her wavy hair so I thought I'd try this out for a cheap enough price. I have super thick hair which can be slightly wavy if I let it dry naturally but I also have some straight sections too. This waver made my hair look like I have a loose perm, I love it. And if you want to have more defined waves/curls you can scrunch in some mouse or whatever styling product you prefer. My hair is about four inches past my shoulders and it took me 30 minutes to do all of it, but like I said my hair is very thick. This is a great way to get wavy hair without getting a perm.
I've always had fine, straight hair. In the 80s, I used perms to help, but I didn't want to fry my hair the rest of my life, so I looked for alternatives.I went through all kinds of styling tools fromRevlon RV261 20-Roller Ionic Professional HairsettertoConair CD103JCS Satin Finish 1-1/2-Inch Ceramic Curling Iron, and then some...even hair products like Aussie Instant Freeze Hair Spray Extreme 7 oz..I finally stumbled across this triple-barrel iron. While it takes much longer to style my hair, it doesn't fall flat after only a few hours...in fact, I've had my waves last overnight.I would not recommend it to someone who is in a hurry, or anyone with shoulder-length or shorter hair...if you don't have long hair, using this iron will make you look ridiculous.
The facts are:With Badger Balm, product ingredients vary, even though most of their products are created with the intention of offering skin moisture,healing and protection.Depending on what Badger Balm item you choose- you may find it to meet CRUELTY FREE standards- and then, maybe not.While  this Healing Balm is wonderful( as are many of their products), if you are concerned about the use of beeswax(which many people actually do have a concern over)- you may want to pass on certain products made by them or the company itself.This is an individual decision. Review the ingredients.I feel confident, that if the company excluded beeswax from their list of ingredients- the performance of their products would not suffer from the  lack of it.Since I have not purchased and tested all their merchandise I can't offer you as much info as I would like.
I've been using this for about 10 yrs now. My hubby introduced me to the product, His hands were always so soft, even though he was a welder by trade and a rough and tough outdoorsman, too.A little goes a long way, and it has lasting results. No Petro!! Multiple uses! It smells great too- a clean, woodsy natural scent.Use for:Dry cracked hands/feetLip BalmRoseacea ( I put it on my rosey face patches before bed, instead of using a night cream, ladies)WindburnDry itchy skin anywhereCuticle BalmCuts/ScrapesBug BitesDiaper Rash
my poor hands, cracked, peeling, painful, terrible hangnails, cracked nails, painful skin. this cures all of it in like a day. it's just like all the other reviews say. i garden and do a lot of housechores (we're poor as dirt so i'm always cleaning) and this is the only thing that's ever worked. i actually love the smell. and it rubs in super quickly, or perhaps it's my hands that suck it up so fast... either way i use it every day. i lost my last jar and had to replace it as i was in hell without it. thank you badger balm.
I am originally from Wisconsin, so I'm used to dry, cold weather.  However, I have lived in Texas for the last 3 years and my hands have never been as dry as they are right now.  My knuckles are red and flaky.  I have an office job, so my hands are not even in water a lot, but they are extremely dry and wrinkly.  I have tried jojoba oil and it helped better than regular lotion, but still not what I was looking for.  I came across this and love that it is organic and it works better than anything I have found yet.  My hands are still a bit rough, but nothing like they were before.  It does have a slightly funky smell---smells like pepto to me---but definitely worth it.
I have been an insomniac all my life but don't like the adverse effects of most sleep aids. This was given as a gift to me. I would have never thought that something like this could work! I rub some on my temples and my lips and I slowly relax and fall asleep much more easily. Of course when I am completely wired it won't work as well or as fast, but I was amazed that on some nights that I forgot to use it I tossed and turned for while. Then I put this on and then fell asleep! I don't know how it works but it does. The smell is very discreet and pleasant.
I've been wearing this as long as they've been making it. I only wear clear because I'm very fair complected and color looks weird on me. My lips are small too so I prefer just gloss. It has a very subtle sparkle and will keep your lips conditioned. It's not sticky like so many are. It's very easy to apply while driving or sitting at a light. When I finish a tube, I take an orange stick (for manicures)and scoop the rest out from the base of the tube. Then I put it in a small plastic container. You wouldn't believe how much is left in the base! Probably at least another month of usage.
I really hoped this would have worked, but unfortunately it was a let down. I have mildly curly and thick hair (but not coarse). I straighten my hair almost daily. I tried all the tools and still hated it! It doesn't even get hot, even when left for about 10 minutes. The straightener SUCKS! The crimper is even worse...no matter how long you hold it, how small the section of hair, or even the amount of hairspray put in before using it....it wouldn't do the job...just wave it the tiniest....making it look like my natural hair anyway. The curlers aren't impressing either. Seriously, I'm better off using my mother's hair tools from the 80s.....I would throw this thing out, but my mother bought me this for Christmas only a couple months ago.
My mom used to crimp my hair when I was a kid and now that I have a daughter, I want to do it for her. This takes a long time to heat up, like 10 minutes, but once it is heated up it works like a charm. Ive had issues with straighteners where if you put it too close to your scalp it will burn you, this isn't like that. The plate is well inside the plastic edging so it won't burn my daughter if I touch her scalp with it. I flew through her whole head in 5 minutes and she loves it.
Okay, I observed my wife and my brother use this product upon the effusive recommendation of my sister-in-law.My sister-in-law and my wife have basically perfect skin, rarely a pimple ever forms for them.  My brother also uses this product to great effect as well, which I have observed over the past year.  My wife uses this as a routine facial cleanser, then she applies moisturizer after she's done.  She does not get irritated skin.Personally, I think a lot of commercial cosmetic products are super expensive, over rated items that take advantage of the "newest fad". -- Okay, off the soapbox.  This particular Neutrogena product seems to be different.
I want to know what all the hype is about...it certainly is not a bad cleanser at all. In fact, it is pretty awesome! Usually (with panoxyl(sp?)at least) benzoyl peroxide - the main acne fighter in this product - dries me out and irritated my skin. So, its gentle on the BP sensitive. Also, (I don't like it but) it does have menthol which gives the "wake up" cooling sensation. I suppose I'm not being fair as I haven't tried it as a mask yet, but the product doesn't seem to be that great on my acne (which is mainly stubborn blackheads and some whiteheads). It does an okay job of preventing new formations, but its not touching what I already have. That is why I went to try the Oil Free Grapefruit cleanser. BAD IDEA. Compared to THAT hot mess, this is a gem!
Now that I'm over 50, I can't believe I still get acne.  I found this product on a whim and use it 3-4 times a week.  It's a thick white cooling gel that you can wash off immediately or wait and use it like a mask.  I can't believe that it has cleared up my skin and tightened up pores.  I truly wish I had this as a teenager.  I've never had a problem with it over-drying.  It's not expensive either when you consider that the better your skin looks, the better you feel.  Great stuff!  Walgreens and most drug stores carry this.
This is a great idea and useful for anyone who prefers to use Benzoyl Peroxide in a wash instead of a cream. I like using this once every few weeks to kill the bacteria that can cause blackheads. It is a rich, creamy clay-like mask that instantly dissolves when water is applied. You can apply this before getting in the shower and it easily rinses away.As the product penetrates into your pores, you feel a cooling sensation. This is also a wonderful product to use on large areas of your body, like your back in the summer, etc. If warm weather makes you break out, try this product a few times a week and I think you will see a difference in the clearness of your skin.It is rather drying, so you might want to use a more intense moisturizer on the day you use this product.3.5% Benzoyl PeroxideAlso look for Biore Deep Cleansing Pore StripsClean & Clear concealing treatment stick~The Rebecca Review
I have an oily forehead with dry nose and cheeks. I get blackheads and sometimes acne, especially if I don't follow my skin reggie.The texture is white and thick, clay-like. It tingles on the skin. I let it sit on my face while brushing my teeth or during the shower, then rinse with cool water. I use every night, as a mask once a week.My skin reggie:Neutrogena Cream Cleanser every morningNeutrogena Clear Pore Cleanser OR Neutrogena Blackhead Cleaners as a wash every night, as a mask once a week.Formula 10.0.5 mud mask once a week.Apricot Scrub once a week.Change pillowcases every few daysUse a separate towel for face only, change every few daysWash face morning and nightFollow with moisturizer always and sunscreen for the day on top of moisturizerTry not to touch my face, don't pick blemishes
This product has replaced my Proactive cleanser. It has 3.5% benzoyl peroxide, 1% more than proactive, so it really keeps your skin clear. CAn be used as a mask and cleanser. It is non irritating, and does not dry my face out. Dissolves oil too. I use the benzoyl peroxide moisturizer (step 3) from proactive. This is the only product that always works and does not irritate my skin, with exfoliants. I also use this with the Neutrogena Wave Duo, I rinse out the soap from the disposable pads and use it to deep clean my face.
This product really takes the gunk off my face.  I have been wearing Liquid eyeliner and that new gel liner in black a lot and when I use other cleansers for my face I still look like a raccoon under my eyes and residual makeup stays...but not with this product.I love to wear makeup and I must admit I dont normally take it off at night because Im too tired-but this product make its so easy to take my makeup off easily and with little effort.It is a foam pump but it comes out with a slightly creamy consistency which works very well.the only gripe I have with this product is that it doesnt feel refreshing after you clean your face-it just does the job I think it would be nice if it had a cooling effect to it.
I've used this since I was about 22, about 10 years ago.  I use it only nightly, as I find it too greasy for daytime wear.  When I use it faithfully at night, I find that no matter what I am using in the AM (now a clinique gel) that my skin is clearer and evener than when I don't use it.  The price is affordable here, and in general, compared to other lotions that are of good quality.  I have tried many more expensive products but this works the best to keep my skin clear, without drying it.  My skin is prone to dryness and redness and I use this along with the aveeno calming cleanser and I don't use anything else on my face at night.
I like these pads and use them in the morning on days when my skin feels and looks dull. One side is is the exfoliating side and the other is smooth. There is plenty of cleanser on each pad so it gets nice and frothy. I wouldn't use these daily as it is not a good idea to exfoliate your face every day but instead once a week. It would be wasteful to use the pads daily if you are using the soft side as you can just Aveeno cleanser and wash using your hands or a wash cloth. This would not only be better for the environment as you are wasting less but also more cost effective. As good as it might feel to scrub your face each morning, the long-term effect could be an increase in breakouts or make breakouts worse as they don't get a chance to heal. I liked the product, just not for daily use.
I like the aveeno day moisturizer very much so thought will give this soap a try. But it made the skin very very dry. On top of it started getting more acne. So discontinued using. I got a pack of 3. My husband uses the aveeno face wash and really likes it. Since 2 more soaps were left over and also each and every person skin type and tolerance level are different. We thought he would try using it. But it made him break out immediately. He skin is normal and never had problem with breakouts. So that is it.. We thrashed it and never thought about buying again.
I'm one of those people who had a sprinkling of acne as a teen (which was taken care of by Retin-A) and then nothing until later in life. For some reason, when I turned 35- BOOM. My skin went haywire. I went to a dermatologist and he gave me a variety of things, but the basic advice was stick to a "clean" soap (I usePurpose Gentle Cleansing Bar, 6-Ounce Bars (Pack of 2)) and use a deep cleaning product with salicylic acid.The Aveeno Clear Complexion pads REALLY worked. I don't use them everyday, maybe three times a week, because they are very drying. But they definitely clean the skin well. I also use them in conjunction with a pure sea salt scrub (I dip the pad in the loose sea salt and scrub my face) and it does an AMAZING job of cleaning my skin and keeping it clear without turning it into a dry painful mess.So, I highly recommend this for anyone dealing with fussy skin!
I used to use a moisturizer from Yves Rocher but it got too expensive and it was only 1.7 oz.This product is amazing and is much better than what I was using. It makes your skin so soft but yet the acne is kept at bay. I haven't had any acne since I have been using this product which is an amazing 2 weeks!This product is very affordable and I love that it is 4 oz.I use this moisturizer with the Aveeno Clear Complexion Bar. These 2 products are really great together.
I bought these for the mild acne on my chin and for convenience sake I mean, cleanser and exfoliater in one pad, plus great reviews AND a decent price, sounded great. Well, I used these at night for one week and these evil little pads ruined my face. I had and still have little red bumps all over my forehead and cheeks like my skin was burned off! I haven't used the pads in 2 days now, but my skin is still very dry, even peeling in some spots and the bumps are still there. Oh and my acne is still there too.No, I haven't changed anything else in my skincare routine either.I've NEVER had skin problems before, besides the above mentioned mild acne on my chin, so seeing red bumps all over my face was a little frightening. Hopefully they'll go away soon..I like Aveeno, I really do, so this is very disappointing, if I could give this zero stars I would.
With my adult acne I have to pamper my skin or it gets too dry.  I love this face wash because my skin feels amazingly clean and SUPER soft and moisturized after washing.  It almost feels as if I have already put my moisturizer on and it does not leave it with a tight feeling.  When I am having hormonal breakouts I have to attack my problen skin with several different products and techniques.  This is a frontline weapon for use several times a day.As a middle-ages woman I look for products that are fierce on blemishes, but gentle to my skin underneath.  This satisfies.
i LOVE this moisturizer. It is thick enough that i can get proper coverage for just a small amount. It absorbs very quickly and does not feel heavy or oily. I will put this on in the morning and be good all day.My main issue before using this moisturizer was my forehead would dry out in the winter and would have skin flakes. It was particuarly bad after i got out of the shower. Now i just put this on and my skin is perfect.I use this with a combination of cetaphil in the shower and i rarely EVER break out. My skin is very soft and looks amazing.Yes, this is kinda pricey. But a little will go along way. Any more that one squirt and you have too much. So that bottle will last a good while. If you are in doubt, BUY THIS!
I have used these cleansing pads for months and haven't seen much improvement in my acne or skin condition overall. They're good for scrubbing excess dry skin on the face, but I'm not sure to what extent they are cleansing anything. I always cut the pads in half because the whole pad itself was more than my face needed. My acne did not improve until I started a prescription from my dermatologist instead. This is probably better for those with skin that has acne now and then (very mild acne). I have adult acne, mostly around my jawline though it appears anywhere on my face as well. I think it would take a lot more than the amount of salicylic acid in this product for someone like me. My acne isn't terrible, but I look like I'm in middle/high school with what's on my face. Unfortunately, I will not continue buying this product anymore for myself, and will just continue with recommendations from my dermatologist.
The entire Aveeno Clear Complexion line is amazing. This moisturizer in particular is amazing, and I usually can never find it in stores which is why I strictly have to order it on Amazon - which I am not complaining about! This order always arrives literally 2 days after I buy it, and I am in love with how this moisturizer makes my skin feel. I have very sensitive skin with some oily spots and acne..and this cream is perfect after washing my face in the morning and at night. What I love best about this product is that it doesn't make my face more oily, and it keeps my skin feeling refreshed even during the summer. Love it!
This product keeps my skin feeling refreshed and keeps my complexion fairly clean. It is light enough to use everyday!I had light acne and did not want to use harsh acne medication and products so I had to look for an alternative.I was a little skeptical at first since this product didn't offer much in the first couple of uses but it seemed to keep my skin beautiful and clear!I highly recommend this product because of it's price-value and quality.Price: 5/5Everyday use: 5/5Quality: 5/5Keeping you beautiful: 100/5
This is the first BB cream bottle i have bought and I like it. When I picked it up at the store, I tried on this Aveeno one on one side of my face and the Revlon Photoready BB cream on my other cheek. I believe the Revlon offered a bit more coverage but it also looked and felt a bit more heavy on my face (and heavy makeup isn't really too practical for me). I would recommend the Aveeno BB cream if you are not looking for too much coverage, a more natural look with some good SPF 30. It looks good on my face all day and so far I've kept it on for up to 12 hours straight.Like someone had mentioned before, yes, I did notice my fingers were covered with tiny specks of glitter after applying this bb cream but its barely noticeable on your face so that was nice to see and i noticed it really did help even out my skin.
I have been trying to develop a skin care routine and was looking for a good moisturizer.  I have oily acne prone skin and this made my skin burn and break out even worse.  My face is red and dry now because of this.  Cystic acne is not fun to deal with and this brought out too many cysts around my chin and cheeks.  My face was doing great, clearing up before this.  Waste of my money, but I guess it's all about trial and error.  I take my time when adding a new product to my skincare routine so that I know if its going to break me out or not,
I hate lotions because it makea me feel like i have something on my face and some will make me break out as well.  Nothing I found made my face feel clean and refreshed.I have tried various different types (both expensive name brands and not so expensive ones from drug stores and other retail) and hadn't found one I like.However, i found aveeno face scrub wash worked really well with my skin, and decided to give this one a try.I can say, I have finally found something that i can wear without the weight or the break out.  I think i will be using this for a long time.i'm soooooo glad to have found this lotion.It makes me feel refreshed without all the weight nor the breakout.
I bought these and they come with 28 pads. The formula is great - acne spots that usually took months to clear up, now clear up within a couple of weeks. It really does help to even skin tone and is gentle on the skin. It keeps my skin smooth and seems to be improving the overall look of it. However, I'm not the only one in my home that uses acne cleansers and these pads only lasted 2 weeks between my fianc&eacute; and myself. So my only complaint is that you have to get them more frequently than other cleansers. I ended up getting the Clear Complexion foaming cleanser - same formula and will last longer.
This product not only smells amazing but lathers up extremely well.  I do not need any water to get the lather going and it soaps up my face nicely.  The disks are a generous size and if you were frugal you certainly could snip them in half and get double duty out of them.  I feel that I am more apt to cleaning my face at night when I have the cleaner ready for me.  One side of the disk is smooth and the other side has more of a texture to allow deeper penetration of your pours. My face looks bright and clean!  I was on facetime with my mom and she had commented out radiant my skin looked as I just got done washing it.  I will be picking up more of these when I run out!
I bought this because it has soy in it and I know soy helps to even the skin tone. I thought the salicylic acid it contains would help to keep my skin clear as well. But this made my already oily skin appear to be greasy. By mid day if I ran my hand over my face I could see the oil on my hand as well. There is also only 0.5% salicylic acid which really does nothing to control chronic acne.The good points are that the pads are nice and large and it smells nice and lathers up nicely. In fact I continued to use it b/c I liked the way the lather felt on my face, but it just got to be too oily for me so I stopped. If you have dry skin, I recommend it, but I do not recommend it for people who have oily skin and chronic or severe acne.
I have tried other foaming cleansers and they usually are foam in my hand but when I put them on my face they just dissolve! I really like how this one lathers up! It makes my skin feel very soft! I use my Befine Exfoliating Cleanser with Brown Sugar, Sweet Almond and Oats and then I use this afterwards because I have combination to oily skin and acne prone skin around that time of the month for us ladies! The combination of using those two together makes my skin look and feel great! I would highly recommend it!
I cut these in half with a sharp, clean pair of scissors and put them all back in the container. It doubles my use as I found the pads are really big, much bigger than Stridex pads, they are generously full of sudsy product and I felt I was throwing them out half-used before deciding to cut them ahead of time.The salicylic acid is just the right amount to prevent breakouts. The pads have enough texture to give me a good exfoliation, and I usually have enough to clean my neck and chest with the back side. My skin looks great, and if I ever get the slightest blemish, usually around my t-zone, I use an oxy spot treatment with benzoyl peroxide. I find the salicylic acid coupled with the occasional benzoyl spot treatment has become the perfect combination.Remember, cut a few in half and I think you'll find it's still more than enough to clean your face.
I usually break out in the summer. I sweat a lot while gardening and my pores get clogged, especially on my forehead. Since, I've change my skin regimen, my breakouts have been minimal to nil. Here is what I do. 1) Wash my face morning and night, 2) Use witch hazel pads, and then 3) finish off with this moisturizer. I always thought washing my skin too much would dry it out, but it's just fine, and most importantly - pimple-free. Since I am now using this moisturizer as part of my regimen, I guess I will give this product some of the credit. I just re-ordered.
I LOVE this stuff. Too bad I just discovered this last week & it has been DISCONTINUED! I'm so upset!I used it this morning & then said to my husband "How does my face look?" He replied "like you have on make-up"  I don't wear ANY makeup so my complexion is important to me. This does the trick! Makes my face so clear and radiant. I've used it for a week on my combination skin at it's the best cleanser I have ever used.I will have to buy this where ever I spot it because I can't stand the thought of being without it forever. I just found another bottle today so maybe when I'm all out I'll giveAveeno Active Naturals Positively Radiant Cleanser, 6.7 Ouncea try.
Aveen Clear Complexion is the first moisturizer I've ever used, and I have to say it did not disappoint. I've never used many products to improve my skin, but I will definitely keep this in my stash now!I never had problem skin in high school, but once I hit college I just started having a lot of breakouts from high stress and poor eating habits. I finally found a daily facial wash that worked well and didn't completely dry out my skin (causing me to break out more!), but the combination of new skin wash and this moisturizer are what ultimately cleared up my skin.No more redness, and I've had one breakout in the last two weeks since using this. It really makes your skin look even and clear!
I fortunately grew out of the annoying pimple phase, but I still have combination skin with a T-zone that becomes oily by early afternoon. This product, in conjunction with the Olay Complete Daily Defense All Day Moisturizer with SPF 30, has FINALLY succeeded in minimizing my oiliness. I do still have dry areas, for which the moisturizer works well. I occasionally get a pimple, and I noticed that the frequency has decreased since I started using this cleanser.One star off for minor reasons: 1) I personally didn't mind this, but my fiance didn't like that the cleanser is so light and foamy. He prefers something more substantial in texture so that he knows he's really getting clean; and 2) after a while, the pump got sticky and lost its spring. Now, after pushing down, I have to manually lift up the nozzle so that I can pump again.
Helps with my breakouts!!! But not as a daily regimen!!! As it did tighten my skin and gave me dry skin around my mouth when I used it twice daily for a 3 days straight! However using this every other day with the body shop tea tree oil foaming cleanser and the aveeno daily detoxifying scrub, has worked wonders for my acne prone skin!When my acne is at its peak I use the aveeno clear foaming cleanser, the next day I use the aveeno daily detoxifying scrub and the day after the body shop tea tree oil foaming cleanser. I normally just wash my face in the shower with neutrogena ultra gentle daily cleanser every other day.I wear makeup 4 days out of the week for work and wash it off with this or the body shop tea tree oil foaming as soon as I get home. My skin has been flawless and would recommend my combination of products for anyone who has combo/sensitive skin.
Searching for ways to stop break outs i decided to give this product a try. It has a strong smell of peppermint and it makes your skin feel tighter after use. It helped stop my break outs and clear them up. Although it is only 1 oz a finger tip amount will cover your entire face. The product lasted me about 2 months. I decided to use tea tree oil instead just because this product is so high priced but you do get what you pay for, all organic ingredients. Organic is never cheap.
This calming gel will soothe your skin. I found a small sample in a sample kit and was impressed with the ingredients. Peppermint, Lavender, Rosemary, Safe, Aloe Vera, Witch Hazel, Tea Tree, Chamomile, Camphor and Bergamot oil top the list for healing.This formula helps to neutralize any bacteria and is especially good for oily skin. You can use this over your entire face or just for spot treatment.Also look for Pore Shrink Deep Pore Cleansing Mask and the Start Up Exfoliating Face Wash.I'd like them to make these containers twicethe size, at least.~The Rebecca Review
I was looking for a travel hairdryer to take on a trip to Europe. I chose this one because it has dual voltage, is foldable, and is available through Amazon Prime for quick shipping. It is rather bulky, but I suppose if it were smaller it wouldn't have the power and other nice features like the speed settings and "cool" button. It performed perfectly on the trip (with the addition of a tiny outlet adapter) and is comfortable to hold. Now I keep it in my gym bag.  Overall, I recommend this if you want a somewhat more compact but still powerful dryer.
I got this compact hair dryer to replace the same model, which I'd had for a decade or two but the cord started to wear. I found my old one to be very reliable and with a surprisingly strong air flow for the compact size of the dryer. I'd taken it on several dozen trips and used it at home often as well. This new one seems to be of equally good quality and has all the features I'd liked on my old one. I was so glad Conair still makes it!
For over 20 years, the Conair has been the only brand of hair dryer I've purchased.  I've never experienced any kind of problem with a Conair dryer, and I've only replaced them when I've wanted something smaller or with new features.This little travel dryer is the best Conair hair dryer I've tried yet!  Despite the small size--which tucks easily into your suitcase--the 1875 watts provide a strong, intense stream of air, helping me to have less drying time while traveling.  In fact, this product works so well that I also recommend it for home use; the folding handle would allow it to fit into even the smallest vanity drawer.  Highly recommended!
I picked up this dryer when I was staying some nights at my fiancee's apartment, so I could stash it out of his way when I wasn't there. It folds in half and the cord retracts into the handle, making it very small. I was immediately impressed with the power, I have pretty thick hair but I could completely dry it in just a few minutes. When we got married and bought a house it has stayed on with me, becoming my primary hair dryer. I have used it daily for about 3 years now and it has not faltered, definitely worth it!
This is by far the worst thing I have ever put in my hair. I have long wavy hair, and I made sure it was dry and brushed before using this product. I put a small segment of hair on the brush (despite the fact that after 30 minutes of heating, it was barely warm), and when I wrapped a strand of hair around the brush twice, I could NOT get the hair out. It tangled and held on to my hair so tightly, I even considered cutting it off! Eventually after 20 minutes of struggle, I was able to free my hair. I immediately returned it to the drug store where I purchased it and even wrote a review on the remaining products on the shelves with a sharpie, directly on the packaging to warn other people (see customer posted images). Don't purchase this if you care about your hair.
I have very long hair, well past mid-back but not quite to my waist. So, the majority of you with shorter hair will likely have different results that I did. But, this brush immediately tangled for me. And my hair got so entwined and stuck in this brush it took about three minutes for me to untangle it and free myself from the brush. The bristles weren't the main driver, it was the small seam between the plastic handle and plastic tip, and the metal body. Very surprising that these aren't sealed better to prevent this. Once my hair got tangled in those gaps, it inevitably got tangled in the bristles too. Maybe I just got a bad one, but really can't recommend this for those with long hair :(
I have pretty straight hair and every now and then like a different look. I have tried regular curling irons (1 inch and 1.5 inch); the curls are good but they don't last long and I on't get soft curls with those. This is a great product for soft curls or smoothing out hair in the morning. Best part is, the curls last much longer compared to the regular curling irons. Only thing I would have loved to see in this product is a better brush, this brush is not bad at all, but my hair slip out of it while curling as the teeth are smaller than expected. With loner teeth I guess this would be an ideal product for me :)
I was hoping this would eliminate the need to blow-with-a-brush my thick short hair.  But unfortunately it  doesn't provide enough control to replace that.  It's good for touch ups, but when I used it on my hair that I didn't blow dry, it didn't give enough control.  My hair stayed frizzy and lost its shape quickly.  I don't like using a curling iron, but with the clip it does provide more control and has more effect on the hair.Based on the other reviews it does replace that process for many users, but didn't for me.Pros:Easy to useAdjustable heat settingsGood for touch upsProbably not damaging to hairCons:Doesn't provide enough control for thick, coarse hairDoes not seal the cuticle, hence doesn't stop the frizzies
Great hot brush! My sister bought 1 of these years ago and then it died a few weeks ago. She looked everywhere and couldn't find one like it. I looked on Amazon and there it was! Needless to say I bought her 2 of them, 1 to take home and 1 to leave at my home. She was so surprised and both work perfectly. It's so nice to be able to find something like this at Amazon. If you use this size brush for curling this is a great little tool. Highly recommend it.
This Conair hot brush has so much quality built in at a sper low price.  Even auto-shut-off!Great size for short to median hair or just curly styles.  Many heat temp selections sogentle on hair.  Use on DRY hair !  Heats fast, easy to hold without burning fingers.Better than curling iron because it grips the hair easily.  Same results, but much faster.Leaves hair super shiny as the barrel is ceramic.  Nothing else on the market that has this muchquality at such a low, low price.VERY, VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER !!!
Since I have baby fine hair that is kind of hard to curl, I purchased the 3/4 inch model of this Instant Heat Brush. What amazes me about this brush is that it heats up so quickly but does not overheat.So far, I have not forgotten to turn it off, yet I am so glad to know that it has an auto turnoff.One more thing I want to add: This does not tangle up in my hair and gives my hair softness and curl. And this brush is easy to clean also.
I ordered the 3/4-inch hot brush for myself and after experimenting a few times, liked it so much I ordered the 1-1/4-inch as a gift for a friend and she is very happy with it.  It heats super fast, has many settings for heat needed depending upon hair type, and after a few minutes of experimenting I was glad I bought the hot brush style instead of a regular curling iron.  The delivery was fast, the items were packaged well, and the hot brush works according to description.
I got this because I have fine, wavy brunette hair that often frizzes.- I wanted something that will reduce fly-away hair- I wanted a way to style my hair super fast between washes and still look good.This does the trick.- Variable heat - great.- Tip stays cool so you can actually handle both ends.- Nibs on the brush stay cool while the barrel heats up so I don't burn my skull Ever anymore.- Super fast warm-up time.- I can use it to straighten my hair by just drawing the brush through my hair straight- I can use it to curl my hair by turning it while the hair is wrapped around it.It does risk tangling if you wrap long hair around it more than twice, so I try not to do that.All in all, I love this puppy.  Highly recommended.
This is the greatest thing since sliced bread...well no not really. I read so many rave reviews on this. When I first received it I was disappointed. I tried to curl my hair with it to no avail. I couldn't understand why so many hyped reviews. I was going to return this but then I read it takes practice. I practiced and I learned I had been using it all wrong. Now I have gotten the hang of it and am only keeping my old clamp curling iron as back up in case something happens to this one. Really awesome..the reason for only 4 stars is because your hair can get tangled pretty easy and when it does, it's not too pleasant. Also the cord is very short, can't move to my normal "getting ready" spot, need to stay close to the outlet.
I love this thing!  It heats up in seconds yet its gentle to hair, it gives it shine and smooths the follicles, gives texture, bounce, and shape to lifeless hair.  This thing is the bomb.com!  I must have crawled under a rock because I have never seen this tool before and I sure wish I had!  It would saved me from one too many bad haircuts!  I love it and it came earlier than expected too! I was like a kid in Christmas opening up a special gift!
I had a curling iron with teeth (only way I know to describe it) about 30 years ago.  It disappeared somewhere along the way, and I have wished I could find another one for a few years now.  But I never found one in any store.  Then I came across this one on Amazon.  I love it.  It accomplishes the same thing as the old one, which is to smooth out my hair after I have blow-dried it without adding unwanted curl.  Of course, you can use it to curl your hair if that's your pleasure.
Works on my long mostly straight hair to provide a bit of shine and to get the ends to curl under.  (I do not know how it will work on thick or curly hair.) It heats up in less than a minute and gives my ends a curl in under 16 seconds on a medium heat setting. The turbo setting works in a few seconds and gives a good heat boost. It will give you a tighter curl. I am done with my hair in under 3 minutes most days.Be careful not to  wind  your hair too many times over the brush or you could get a tangle that is difficult to undo. One or two turns is very safe.My last  curler one kept going for several years and only failed after one too many falls to the bathroom floor. These things are quite durable under normal circumstances. Could not live without one.
I like this brush as an alternative to curling irons and wands used on my slightly longer than shoulder-length hair.  I had one in highschool but I didn't like it.  I though 30 years later, the quality would have improved.  I was right.  You have to take the hair in smaller sections and the curl is not defined like with an iron. It's soft, flowy curls.  However, within hours, my hair was flat.  So, unless your hair is shorter and curlier, I would not recommend if you want real curls that last.  It is NOT good for fine or thin hair.
I've had this for 5 months and, though I do not straighten my naturally curly (thick, coarse) hair often, this made easy work of it! I am African-American with natural (relaxer-free) long hair; mid-back length. It took over an hour in small sections, but WOW! My hair was sleek with curls and waves where I wanted them! I didn't even use the highest heat setting! I also used this on my son's 7&#34; afro, which is VERY CURL RESISTANT when using flat irons, and it straightened HIS hair (I do this so I can trim his hair since he doesn't trust barbers after a bad experience cutting his &#34;bodacious fro&#34; lol). I have lots of heated irons, but this did straighten AND curl my hair very well. Therefore, I have NO hesitation recommending this product!
But rips out a lot of hair. But I like it because it's something different & it gives your hair much more volume. Still perfecting my skills in using this device. I learned how to do perfect curls with a straightener / flat iron. But I think this tool has even more potential to make different styles of curls, such as spirals etc, because the bristles hold hair strands in place, and you can maneuver the way you fold the curl. Pretty interesting. Only wish the heated part was ceramic & that there was no crack in between the metal & plastic handle, which is the part that rips out the most hair.
I think these will be great jumbo heated rollers with dual voltage to use in Europe.  BUT, I use a hard sided spinner suitcase that opens into two compartments, instead of one large compartment.  This travel hairsetter has a small stand on it, which looks pretty sitting in the bathroom, but will take up needed height space making the double sided suitcase difficult to close.  I found on Amazon the Conair MiniPro Hot Rollers and they fit just fine, even in carry-on size. This set will be fine at home and came with claw type clips that hold the roller in place to support a curly set.  This was not written in the Amazon description.  I wish I had known because I spent more money to get clips which I didn't think came with the set.
I have pretty fine long hair but alot of it-little over the shoulder in length.  These give volume and a nice soft wave. Clips hold fine for me but sometimes leave a slight crease mark. Heat up very, very fast. Easy to use.  They would be more perfect if there were 6 of them but I can make do with 5. I still have to use the big curling iron for the small shorter pieces of hair around my face.  They almost give that look that the hairdresser can get using the big velcro rollers and then have you sitting under the hairdryer.....Very pleased!
Good and cheap hair styling product! I tried it today after I blow-dried my hair. It was frizzy and hard to handle at the tips, as always. I looked like a troll. I turned this on and let it warm for a few minutes. I put 2 on each side and one on the crown. After a couple minutes I took them off and voila! Loose, sexy, and effortless Victoria's secret curls (:Would recommend to anyone, unless you're looking for a genuine curl.
I received this item on time. Well, I should rephrase. I received something I didn't order on time and in great condition! I received a product in the Sun Kissed Caramels line of products when I ordered an ASH brown. Ash is not caramel. I'm scared to use it and guess what? I CAN'T RETURN IT BECAUSE APPARENTLY IT'S HAZARDOUS. I will, however, enjoy the conditioner that was included and might consider re-purposing the developer. Just not with a caramel color. Caveat emptor, you won't get what you ordered. Fail, Amazon.
I just tried this color for the first time today and I really like it. I've been dying my hair auburn for years, but I have so much gray now that auburn is not sustainable, so I've slowly been phasing the auburn out. I've been looking for just the right blonde shade and thought maybe a honey blonde, however many of the colors looks too yellow/goldish. This color is perfect and looks just like on the box - kind of a light rosy blonde. The product was easy to apply and not messy/drippy and the smell wasn't overpowering. I will continue to use this one.
I'd forgotten just how wonderful Les Blondissimes hair color by L'Oreal really was until recently I used a hair color product by one of their chief competitors, and the color it left my hair was anything but what color it should have been!--I finally decided to give Les Blondissimes another try, hoping it might help correct the color my hair had become at the hands of the other brand--but, once I used Les Blondissimes, I could not believe how gorgeous the color actually had become thanks to it, and how beautifully conditioned my hair was--finally!--I will never buy another brand so long as I live now--it's my go-to brand from here on out!
#4 is not a coffee brown to my eyes, it is much mid range brown.Dark Brown(#4)made my natural black (middle east black hair color) a kind of golden brown,anyhow its lighter than coffee brown. I was expecting something like black brown, which was not. Unfortunately, It was not working as grey color hair concealer or cover.#3(soft black), on the other hand, has been acceptably matching my natural hair color. It has 100% gray hair coverage for my case and I probably stick to this number.#2B, black seems like leather black, not very natural in my context, but we could call it black anyway.I have also Loreal Feria black (#20), it is also a fake black for my hair, kind of leather black, like Crow's feather color!
First off, this turned out gorgeous.  Absolutely perfect, very close to the box.  LOVE this color when it's fresh.  I have medium to dark brown hair and it really turned out fantastic.  However....I've really only been getting about a week of vibrant red before it starts fading despite using mild shampoos formulated for colored hair, without sulfates.  I'm having to recolor every two to three weeks otherwise it's more of a really dark auburn color instead of intense red.  The formula is very strong.... smell is strong and it burns my scalp.  I am hoping to find an alternative to this product with more resistance to fading...the burning scalp thing probably isn't good either...nor is coloring so often.  Good news is that despite very frequent coloring my hair is still in good condition.
I have been using the L'Oreal Preference, Lightest Golden Brown shade for many years now, and still get compliments on the golden highlights and how healthy my hair looks. The color is always consistent and natural looking and the coverage very effective, though with the increasing amount of gray in my natural hair, I have to be careful with the application, particularly around the temples and where I part my hair. Now, if the product could only make my face look as smooth and wide-eyed as the model, I would give it 10 stars !
L'oreal makes many hair color brands, The Superior preference brand is just TERRIBLE to apply.  It is extra runny and watery.  I could not stop the dripping and I have been coloring my hair for 20 years.  I'm very careful and do it in sections but this is not a cream type like the excellence is.  It was literally dripping off my gloves after I put it in my hair.  I never had a problem with any other hair color product and not even by L'oreal.  This formula is way too watery!!!  I never had so much drip to the floor ever before.Always buy the cream kind, or the mouse.  This stuff is terrible!!  :(I swear the good reviews must be for the L'Oreal Paris Excellence Preference and not this.  The boxes look almost the same.Boo on how runny it is!!!!
UL61 is the first at-home coloring product that hasn't left me super duper red tones. I followed the directions exactly... so put it on everything but the roots for 20 minutes, and then the roots for 10.  I debated doing this as I have short hair--but decided I should follow the directions regardless and it turned out perfectly.  I'm super happy.  I just wish they'd make this formula in foam.  Hopefully one of these days.Amazon subscribe-and-save is the best way to buy it.  Cheaper than the store, plus guaranteed that it will arrive when you need it.
I have been dyeing my hair various shades of brown and red for years and usually pick great colors. I have a medium mousy brown naturally.  I decided to get an early start on my darker "fall look" by changing my very light brown and blondish tipped hair to a light to medium chocolate brown with slight golden hints (as pictured). I hoped it would look closer to my natural color..but with more depth. And well, this dye turned it very dark brown, nearly black at the ends. I hope it fades soon. I have to say, it doesn't look so bad, I had black hair for years in college. It was a bit of a shock and wish I had read reviews on it before purchasing in the store! I gave three stars because I'm remaining optimistic that it will fade a bit!
It won't give you the colour that shows on, or at the back of the box. not even close! I have medium ash brown hair and the only reason I dye my hair is because of my grey hairs. I just used an &#34;ash&#34; shade of this hair colour to dye my roots and now my roots has an awful copper/red shine, and it doesn't look &#34;ash&#34; brown at all! It has orange undertone:(I am so upset, and recommend you not to use this product at all! Don't even try it or you would regret like me.
I have used L'Oreal Preference colors before and have never had a color bleed as long as this one! It took a week and a half for the water to FINALLY run clear in my shower and I spend a lot of time rinsing in general and shower every day. That being said, it's an ok color. It is dark but not as an intense red as I would hope for. Id say it's more of a dark brown/red. It's more of a natural color. I would use it again if I wanted to make less of a statement and just make sure I used a towel for my hair that I don't mind ruining for a while.
I've been very discouraged lately at the changes in hair color.  It used to last much longer, and the color was better.  This time I tried Medium Auburn, and it said to leave it in for 20 minutes.  I left it in for  45 minutes just to be sure, and there's barely any color.  My hair is soft and shiny, I'll give it one star for that. But I could get these same results using a deep conditioner, and it is FAR too expensive for that.  I guess I'm going to have to get brave and graduate to henna.
The color is pretty, but no where near the color on the box.  It is a mahogany/red color.  Much deeper and quite red.  There is NO gold.  I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is.  The grey covered very well (which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1).  I don't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy. I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process.  I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice.
My hair get's a REALLY ugly red in the summer when I'm in the Sun. I have to use an Ash Color This toned it down a lot. I had to do my end's for 10 minutes and then all over for another 15-20. My hair tend's to not dye evenly if I don't do it this way. Even when I pay A TON of Money at Salon's. I'm very happy with this color. I have been dying my hair for 30 year's and  have tried almost every color. I used to use Feria, but I'm sold on this now!!!
Love experimenting with my hair.  Thank G-d I've been blessed with great hair after all I've done to it.  Before this color, Lightest Auburn, I had platinum blonde.  Darkened it and gradually began going into the reds, professionally.  Really chicken at the thought of having pink hair at 60 :) After a couple of times at the salon, it was time to give it a go.  Began with RA (think that's the number), found it too dark for me then next time mixed that one and 7LA.  Pretty good results, just wanted lighter.Second time doing this one by itself and very happy.  Would prefer a little more red in it.  My hair comes out lighter than the box but all in all, hair is in great shape, very healthy, natural looking color.  I would go for 4 1/2 stars review, just not available.  Again only because I would like a little deeper shade than what I get.
I have dark reddish/brown hair and wanted to dye it blonde for a change. I chose this brand because the before photo on the box appeared to match my hair the closest and the after photo best matched the shade of blonde I wanted to be. I applied this brand to my hair and it did absolutely nothing. It says on the directions to leave it in for 25 minutes. I wasn't noticing a change so I left it in for an hour. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because the conditioner smells amazing and it left my hair feeling very soft. Too bad the dye doesn't work.
I have been using this for a few weeks now.  I'm not noticing too much in the &#34;firming&#34; department yet, however I like the cream a lot.  I have very sensitive skin and this does not bother or irritate it at all.  The smell is pleasant and the cream goes on smooth.  I wake up &#34;fresh-faced&#34; without an oily sheen as I've expreienced using other night creams.  I'll keep watching on the &#34;firming&#34;, but I will definitely purchase this again.
You see so many products that claim to be the 1 that makes your skin flawless, but nothing compares to Olay.I have been using this exact product for almost 3 years and my skin glows, My skin is healthy and no wrinkles at the age of 40.I know good jeans have a lot to do with it and my family does have good jeans but most my family had some wrinkles by time they hit 40 & I have nothing and I know it Is from the use of Olay 2x's a day (morning & night). I highly recommend this product to everyone. I get compliments all the time on my skin glowing and also everyone thinks I am in my mid 20's. IT WORKS!!!!
Some years ago, I saw that an independent testing lab had rated Olay as the most effective at achieving visible results and had bested competing products costing multiple times as much.  I bought some and was very pleased with the results. This Total Effects Night Treatment was a new product that I wanted to try, and it's difficult not to sound like a contrived television commercial at how impressed I am.  It's nothing short of remarkable how smooth and nourishing it is to my middle age skin, with no irritation or oiliness.  After finishing my first jar and not being able to find it at my local grocery store, I opted for a heavily advertised competing product that they did have. Big mistake and I actually had to return it after just a few days for the disturbing irritation it caused to my skin. Everyone's skin, of course, has it's own sensitivity and chemistry, but for me at least, I can't recommend this highly enough. It does what it says and at a very reasonable price.
I have been using Olay products for a number of years, and at 67 years of age, I don't have any wrinkles on my face, neck, or upper chest. This could, of course, be due to heredity because my 94 year old mother doesn't have much in wrinkles either. There is really no way to know for sure, but I do like the feel of this product on my skin. When I use it, my skin feels soft and moisturized, and not greasy as it does with some other products. I will continue to use this and other Olay products.
This is a nice, light night cream.  It has a pleasant fragrance, that is barely noticable and fades quickly.  I like the way the cream feels when I apply it, like my skin is saying "aahhh".  The cream soaks in quickly and is not oily or sticky at all.I can not give it a higher rating because I did not find it to be effective at firming.  In fact it did not leave my skin as hydrated as other products I have used.  I will finish my jar, but will not repurchase.I am nearly 60 years old with fairly dry skin and I must need a need a more emollient product.  I think this one would work well for younger people.
I have been using the product for 4 months and have been applying it to my face every night before bed.PROS: Has a nice clean smell, moisturizes very well, makes my skin feel smooth, gets rid of dry spots. Also, a little goes a long way. I still have 1/3 of the product left after 4 months.CONS: Did not tighten/firm my skin whatsover. Did not prevent or smooth out any wrinkles as I noticed new wrinkles over time, and the smile wrinkles I have got worse and are more noticeable now. Lastly, this product made my skin look and feel VERY OILY. I don't like wearing the product around other people as the shininess is embarrassing.This cream is basically good as a moisturizer if you have dry skin, but isn't really good for anything else. I can't say I'd recommend it, but looking at how other people have rated this, there is still a good chance that it could work well for you.
I bought this because I thought I needed a heavier night cream, but its a little too heavy for my face as I have oily/combination skin.  If you are dry/combination or dry and need that extra moisture, this would be an excellent product for you.  I use it on my neck only and it works wonders for that, but when I use it on my face, I have a few whiteheads in the morning.  Still a good product as most of the Olay line has proven to be.
I've been using Nivea's face scrub for years, and I would never consider washing my face with any other product. The scrubbing elements in this product gently scrape the dirt and dead skin from your face, and leave it feeling revitalized and really clean. If your skin is oily, or if you work in a humid or otherwise grimy environment, then you will certainly appreciate this scrub. I use it after taking a shower and/or right before I shave. I feel that even when my face is not particularly grimy, this scrub helps me get a smoother-feeling face that is much easier to shave. Overall, this is a great product that has become and integral part of my personal care arsenal.
I'm assuming that what they tell you is true and you need to occasionally run sandpaper over your face to strip a small layer off. In that case, I'd recommend this to do it.I only use this once a week or once a fortnight. But when I feel particularly that there's too much skin on my face and I need to strip a layer off I use this. The good thing about it is that it cleans quite well yet does not leave your skin dry. It smells nice without being overpowering. And I only use it before sleep and never after shaving because I think that shaving already strips a layer off your skin.So, cleans nicely, does not leave the skin raw, I recommend it!
I didn't like it in the beginning. When I first started using it 2 months ago, my hair felt too dry, like all the oil was washed off my this shampoo. I live in Colorado, and you don't want to make your hair any drier than this State already makes it be. BUT: 2 months later I actually started seeing the change in my overall hair health. I haven't changed my diet or anything, while my hair started looking better and better after every wash. Having extremely fine and thin hair, this shampoo makes it look thicker. Seriously, once I washed my hair with my bf's shampoo, and my ponytail was thinner than my pinkie. The next day I washed it with this shampoo, and the size of my ponytail grew to the size of my thumb:) Believe me, it's a BIG change for me. I can actually see the difference.
After even a quick wash, my hair feels too squeaky and crispy. On one hand it can be an indication of the shampoo doing a good job cleansing the hair. On the other hand, it feels like it washes off all the oils that my scalp needs. When I dry my hair it looks too lifeless and just sticks up because it lacks any weight... I've never had my hair thinner. And yes, I use the conditioner of the same brand after every wash, but it doesn't help.
Amazing sunscreen! I can't use any other after getting this. Even better testimonial is my husband will actually use this too, and he is one to HATE anything creamy. A very small amount of this goes a very long way. It works too, I burn so easy and for an average day (4 to 5 hours) of being in direct sun outside swimming, I have never needed to re-apply. Never had any sunburn, or even the feeling of being sunburned that most sunscreens leave me with. This really works. It has a nice clean smell too, so great for men or women. Non-greasy, it is a little more massaging to rub it in than most of the suncreens I've used in the past, but nothing to difficult at all. Just rub it in and enjoy your day. You will smell fresh and clean the whole time too. Great stuff!!
My son got tanned despite of using this daily. He had golf lessons 3 times a week in the mornings! and only for one hour! he came back home darker after each lesson. My husband got a tan too but didn't burn. I have to admit, we are currently in South America, perhaps it will work better in Northern Hemisphere.  It's not easy to spread, leaves white cast, you have to rub it a lot to get rid of whiteness, and hairy fuzzy men, forget it!!! We tried Australian gold brand (easier to spread but stinks to high heavens), and no difference in protection.
Over the past year, I had gel french nails done bi-weekly in a salon, unfortunately, after about 1 year, my nails were burning, which I know is due to filing/sanding. I did tons of research and came up with a non-salon regimen that works for me. I use Hoofmaker Hand and Nail lotion, Nailtiques Plus 2, Zeva Crystal file, and Zeva Nail Brite. Finally, I use 2 different cuticle cream a few x's per day - Barielle cuticle cream. Barielle's cuticle cream dries nicely. All of this together has made a huge difference. I never thought it was possible to have natural nails that actually looked nice.
I've written off Barielle as the most high priced gimmick products I've ever tried.  This doesn't do a darned thing.  It's greasy, oily, and if it worked, I'd deal with it, but it does nothing.  I'm sick that I spent the money.  Don't spend yours on this.  There's another product sold here on Amazon called Carmichel's Cuticle Cream.  I've used that for 20 years or so and it does work.  I was experimenting again, and I should know better.  So I bought two little tubs of Carmichaels (or Carmichel's) and my nails are better again.  I just don't know how this brand stays in business.  They won't be getting mine again, that's for sure.
Absolutely, a miracle nail cream from Barielle. Barielle's reputation stems from this outstanding nail strengthening cream that originally was created to condition the hooves of thoroughbred racehorses; the side affect being that the groomers also developed beautifully strong, peel and split free nails. My nails have always been prone to peeling and breakage. Ultimately, I made matters worse by opting to wear acrylic nails on and off in the past to cover up these issues. Thankfully, that craze is long over; and my nails have benefited ever since by using Barielle. Works well withBarielle Natural Nail Camouflage, .5 fl oz (14.8 ml)
I have no complaints about these hot rollers, I love them. This is the third set I bought. I bought one for myself and my sister and best friend kept borrowing it so I bought them each one for Birthdays and Christmas. I will never use a curling iron again! These heat up in 30 seconds and have enough heat to curl my hair in 30mins with really tight curls which my hair is down almost to my butt so it takes forever to curl with a curling iron. I would rate this item 400 stars if I could I love it!
I bought these awhile back and wrote a favorable review on them, but they seem to have become useless somehow. I used to get nice bouncy curls, but now the rollers don't hold heat and when I unroll my hair it comes out frizzy, fuzzy and kinky. I was shocked because they used to work so well. I've taken good care of my set, I never leave it on or forget to turn it off for long periods, and I can't imagine it wearing out so quickly, especially because I only use them maybe twice a week. I will not be buying another set, I think I'm going with the BabyLiss hot rollers this time.P.S. They only come with three clips.
This product didn't work for me, but that's not to say it will not work for you. My issues with this product was that I burned my fingers each time I tried to put the roller in my hair, you only get a few clips with the product and they didn't work very well--At least they didn't work well for me. I gave this product away and even that person didn't want it. I may be a fan of some Conair products, just not this one.
I love this hair curler set. I have purchased two of them now, one for each daughter. Both have long, thick hair and we find that it does an excellent job of providing just the right amount of curl for those occasions when you need it. It takes just a few minutes to heat up and the soft velvet lining on the rods make it less damaging to hair.The only thing I always hate is the clips! Even though there is a small case to hold them, sometimes they get lost!  Replacement clip sets would be much appreciated. I think the curler set contains just the right number of each size of roller -- even better though would be to have two ore large ones!!Recommended.
I curl my hair pretty frequently, I'm a fan of Old Hollywood style and have been on the lookout for a good pair of rollers for ages. I was hesitant to get Conair ones because most of my other cheaper hair supplies have been disappointing, but I read some good reviews and decided to go for it.So glad I did! These rollers are great, they get super hot and retain heat for forever. I have really thick heavy hair, but letting these rollers cool while in my hair ensures I have bouncy awesome curls for DAYS. Love them!
I have very fine hair that is determined to be straight.  I had a set of curlers that were starting to go out on me (they took 45 minutes to heat up and did not hold the curl).  I recently decided to replace it with the Conair Xtreme Instant Heat Hot Rollers, since I was interested in curlers that would heat up quickly.  They heat up just as quickly as they say.  They are incredibly hot and do a great job of putting in a curl that holds.  Like I said, I have the kind of hair that wants desperately to be straight, and my curl stays all day with these curlers.  They are fairly hot on the edges, but I have yet to find any curlers that won't be challenging to handle for more than a minute.  I would definitely recommend these to any of my friends.
I rarely ever return items because it's such a hassle. But this, is being returned immediately. The idea is actually very good- it has a side heater to heat up the clips as well as the rollers, a feature I've never seen before. However, the clips do not hold- at least not in my long hair. No matter how many times I tried, the rollers would always fall out within a few seconds. Even when I stayed completely still (very difficult when putting in the remaining rollers) they would still fall out. They never stayed in long enough for me to see how well the curlers worked.
Is plastic getting expensive?  Because the plastic that the hinged cover on this is made out of is SO THIN...I would describe it as "fragile."  In fact, there's already a small crack on one side.The on/off switch was also faulty - I had to jiggle it back and forth to get it to turn on initially.  It would only stay on if I kept the switch positioned in the middle.This is by FAR the poorest quality set of hot rollers I have ever bought.I only gave it two stars because it DID heat up evenly, and the rollers themselves would be nice in a better "house."Thank goodness the switch was faulty and part of it arrived cracked, since you can return defective items and not pay for the return shipping on Amazon!
Only one roller changes the color dot to show when heated and you have to heat the outer clips individually on the three spaces provided at the far right. So, if you need to use a particular size again that isn't the one with the dot, there's no way to tell if it's heated or not. Then you have to wait for one of the three clips to heat as well. It is weird!  It seemed to take a long time to heat up, though I didn't time it.This is an ok set, but I sure wouldn't rave about it. If not for the hassle, I'd return it.I just ordered another set that looks like the one I used to have with the U-shaped clips (BaByliss Pro) and hopefully it will be what I'm thinking it is.
NOTE: After checking this out again at the store, the soap reviewed below is actually the BLUEBERRY soap by "Clearly Natural."I wouldn't normally review a bar of soap--after all--what's there to review, but this bar is an exception. Perhaps the doors of perception will differ for others, but the jasmine soap has a peculiar odor.While usually a fan of Clearly Natural products, something went wrong here.  I think, frankly, that it smells like poop.  Seriously.  And that's not exactly the "scent" I want when taking a shower.  Another person in the family likens it to bathroom cleanser.  To each his or her own, but I recommend another soap "flavor."
The scent is so well done, I could smell it while it's in the wrapper! It should be a room fragrance as well until you're ready to wash with it lol....I had the lavendar and jasmine and it's the first time I've ever seen  a CLEAR NATURAL SOAP. I thought that was fascinating. The scents are awesome and my fiance used the lavender soap for his dry skin since he tends to get rashes when he scratches himself. and he says he likes it so far. Worth the cheap price so give it a shot!
The trimmer arrived today.  We tried it out by having the wife cut my hair.  it trimmed it up nice and short.  The finishing trimmer appears pretty delicate, but I think if handled carefully it will provide a relatively long life.  Lots of cutter guides to use, theres even one for trimming eyebrows.  Or should I say "eyebrow", because if you need to trim it, you probably only have one covering both eyes.I am not to thrilled with the carry case.  Mine arrived cracked.  it appears to be pretty cheap plastic and there are no separators inside the case so everything will slide around.I gave it 4 stars because of the case.  It does appear to be a pretty good trimmer for a very inexpensive price.  I guess if I wanted extreme heavy duty and a great case I could have spent 5 times more money.  But I don't need to this time.
The thought of cutting my hair is beyond consideration but two little Yorkies just love this set.  The main reason is that is is quiet and effective.  Those, to me, are the operative words:  quiet and effective.  When you turn the clipper on it makes a humming noise instead of a loud "I'm going to get you" sound.  Then when you start cutting small animal hair you actually cut it without pulling or leaving gapping holes in their fur.  Maintenance is easy and with all the tools you could almost go into business but I'll pass on that.  Additionally, you have the Wahl brand and that makes a positive difference.
i have tried a lot of sulfur masks ever since i started to get acne at 11 yrs old (i know sad lol) and this is by far one that i can see improvements on the size of my acne in days. i use it as a mask and leave it on for a while or as a spot treatment an leave it overnight and i get great results. the price is unbeatable and its smell minty (like spearmint gum or toothpaste. there is little tightening feel (unless you put a thick layer) and very little tingling sensation. once i rinse off, my skin doesn't feel dry (like the ddf sulfur mask) and i put a serum and moisturizer and my skin feels good.by no means does it completely  get rid of my acne, but it has made it more manageable and i wear less makeup because of it.
I've used many many different masks for my acne prone skin and this one is definitely one of the top ones on my list.  I apply it to my face twice a week in the evening and leave it for 45 minutes before washing it off then apply a thin layer of balancing moisturizer (for acne skin).  I didn't even need to use any medication afterwards.  It's noticeable that mask helps the skin to heal from broken pimples or those that were about to develop into big ones.  One of the big plus that come with this product is that it's not too expensive so I strongly recommend it!!
I have been using this mask for a week. The results have been so impressive that I've been using it at least once per day and sometimes 2. My pores were not huge but they definitely made my skin look older. I can't believe it, the pores on my cheeks are almost completely gone. On top of that even the redness around my nose where I have broken capillaries looks much clearer. It has removed blackheads around my nose that I didn't realize were even there. My entire face looks better and discolorations have diminished. I feel like I've taken a couple years off my face in one week. It's amazing such a fantastic product is so reasonably priced. I will continue to use the product indefinitely. I highly recommend it to anyone with oily skin.
It helped made my pores smaller and make my face looked more clean. The mask does really dries out my face so I would have to use a good amount of moisturizer after. Another con is that it leaves a weird smell. It lingers for a couple of hours but you get use to it. I would recommend this mask to anyone who wants to have a clearer face and would use it maybe once per 1-2 weeks depending on how dry your skin easily gets. My skin is combination and once per week is enough for me. I don't really use it frequently as before now because it takes a while to squeeze it out of the tube and slather over your face evenly.
I have been using this mask for about 30 years now ..... If you have acne breakout this is a good product and it doesn't cost a fortune...I have tried other masks but keep coming back to this one.......my skin is no longer problematic ....my friends now  cant believe how great my skin is ......when I tell them my ups and downs with hormonal acne...thanks !!! queen helene!!!  I have no scars !!! I just found out amazon carries this product at such a great price!!!
I know this masque has a cult following in the beauty community, and that is what has inspired me to try it so many times over the years. My skin is very sensitive and while I have used dozens of other clay masques with no issues, the mint oil in this one sets my face on fire. I can't even keep it on for 60 seconds because it is so painful. There have been a few times where I toughed it out and ended up with red, angry, itchy, irritated skin that lasted for days afterwards. This has also caused me to break out, something I have never experienced with another masque. I think most people probably won't have any sort of reaction to this, but if you have sensitive skin I caution you to really think about whether this is a good product for you. At the very least, do a patch test before putting it over your whole face.
I've used this for several years now, probably bordering 6 years. The formula hasn't changed and if it did, I have felt no difference. For the price, this is amazing stuff. You can almost feel the crap being taken out of your pores. When you first apply it, there's a nice tingly, non-painful minty feeling.I use this as both a cleanser and a mask. Works fine either way. My only suggestion is that they find some way for the mask to roll off smoother. I would pay double for that. Right now, using it as a mask and washing it off is a pain.
Ive been using this since like the 6th grade (Im 26 now). I use it probably 1-2x a week and its amazing. It helps minimize pores and kill current pimples. Its very easy to use. I just put it on, go do the dishwasher or something and then take a shower and get it off. I take it off in the shower with water/soap and then follow it up with the mint julep facial scrub. When I get out of the shower my face is smooth, pores are reduced and my skin is glowing.The bottle lasts forever too!
I purchased this item a month ago when I got facial acne which I hasn't been getting for a while. I started with Ole Henriksen blemish serum (costs $45!), which didn't do anything on my acne after 3 weeks of use. I had to search online, and eventually found this magical mask. I have combination skin and I used it as a spot treatment overnight. My acne retreated after only a few days of use. I also used it as a mask once a week. My face is clean and acne free now. This product is so effective plus great price! Who says you need to pay more to get the job done?! Very happy with it! I wish I had known about it in the first place!
When I first put it on there was a strong peppermint smell, and a really tingly almost stinging feeling. That kind of scared me. But it went away as the stuff dried. I think it takes more than 15 minutes, but thats ok because you can multitask. Very green in color, I looked as scared as I was at first!I took it off using two washclothes. The first to get the majority off of my face, and the second to make sure residue was off. Pretty easy.this stuff is cheap, and the results really only last a day. But for the price it is great! My skin felt tighter and firm, while not drying it out too much and leaving it soft.I don't really know if it dries out acne like it says, I only had twp spots and didn't notice a difference. But oh well.
For once--a beauty product that actually DOES what it SAYS it does. In just one application, it dried up my t-zone oil slick, shrunk my pores (which are big enough in which to carry loose change), evened out my skin tone, and softened my skin to baby's butt softness. It even seemed to tighten my fine lines. The minty scent is truly refreshing (AND relaxing). The clay texture is soft, smooth, and feels nice going on--very therapeutic. Oh!...and it lasts forEVER....oh!..and it's inexpensive. OH..my God..............I love this stuff.Bottom line: Stop spending ridiculous amounts on more expensive brands with fancy packaging and get something in a butt-ugly package that actually works. Period.
While I was waiting to get this product me (being impatient) went out and bought a knock off brand from a local store. I'd have to say so far the knock off brand worked better than this. I did not feel the face tightening effect other viewers had described with this product (though i did with the store bought brand) and this has caused me to break out in the most unpleasent of places on my face. Weird places like in between my eyes and eyebrows and forehead. Perhaps I will try again in the future but I am dissapointed in this product right now.
For an inexpensive mask, this does the job for my face, especially when I have a small breakout.  I've been using this for 14 years and hasn't let me down since.  I use it a few times a week to keep the acne down with a minimum time of 20 minutes.  However after removing it, tone (if needed) and moisturize (if necessary) I have recognize it can be somewhat drying, but it's not too bad, in my opinion.  Still the best mask I use for breakouts.
i had high expectations for this mask after i heard so many good things about it. i was disappointed to find out it really is  no miracle solution, at least not for my skin. i have normal skin, a bit dry in the winter, slightly (not really) oily in the summer. i have never had acne before this year as a 25 year adult so maybe this mask didnt do anything because adult acne is usually hormonal? i dont know i am not saying dont try it because very skin is different but it might not work for you. definitely didnt do any of the magic in decreasing the size of pores ( my pores are small but visible on my nose and they were same size after the mask) or getting rid of blackheads and drawing the impurities to the surface. just didnt do anything in particular so still looking for that miracle solution but to those who found it, congrats
I purchased this item not really knowing mud about it, just read up whatever it said on the tube. I decided to go ahead andbuy it.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this item. It feels very refreshing and cooling on the skin. Has a peppermint scent. However, not an overpowering one.Makes my face feel very smooth and clean after I take this off. I use this about 1-2 a week and i really enjoy it. Works wonderfully for me.I recommend this item if your looking for a refreshing masque, that will clean your face, and make you feel very refreshed!
I bought this at a local store for just 3 dollars,and I wanted to know what the hype was about.Typically, I use more expensive products on my face,believing that they will do the trick, but I was proven wrong.Despite the low price of this, it works very well, and there is agenerous amount of it in the package. I recommend it, it stingsa bit, but really does what it says! I do also feel a bit of tightnessfrom it, but other than that, this is a great product and has a priceyou really can't beat.
I love this face mask. After washing and exfoliating, I put this on and within 15 minutes it's ready to be wiped clean. I take mine off with a wet, hot wash cloth (gently) and reveal softer and smaller pored skin. No, it does not magically erase my pores or pimples but it does reduce them and my skin feels so smooth and clean without over drying.I have combo skin and I am 25, but now that I live in a humid climate... it gets oily quickly then what I'm used too. I use this mask once or twice a week. It's cheap and works better than some of the expensive masks I've wasted money on, plus you can buy it in most places where you also get your groceries. I will never stop using this. I follow with a light moisturizer that won't clog my pores. Always satisfied with this product...it never stops working after using it for years!
I'm a big fan of Queen Helene's masks for one particular reason: They're as effective as high end brands, and generally work. This mask in particular is great at evening your skin tone, and shrinking your pores if you use it regularly. I use it at least three times a week, and it makes my skin appear healthy and glowing. I'd also, recommend their other mask,Queen Helene Mint Julep Masque, 8 Ounce. It's an excellent mud mask, and its tingling sensation really makes me feel like it's deep cleaning.
I've always loved peel-off masques. That's really because I enjoyed the peel-off process. However, I considered them ineffective because the only thing they'd get rid of are my baby hairs at the front, nothing more. But this is one masque that does the trick! I constantly looking forward to applying it and seeing the difference it makes it closing my pores and getting rid of my acne. My face is so much more radiant and alive! This is definitely a product I'm sticking to.
This is extremely thick and it's hard to squeeze out, and you only get a little at a time, and then it's hard to spread on your face...I did manage to kind of peel it off, but since you can't put it on smooth, you can't just lift off the mask like you can with some.  So it is okay but not sure I'd recommend it.  I am just using it on my dirtier spots instead of trying to smooth it over my whole face---too much work.  I know there are other better peel off masks.  The Helene clay masks are good and I've always been happy with those but I didn't want to have to wash off all the product, so am looking for a peel mask.
I couldnt find a peel off face mask in dept. stores unless it was just a one time application.  I looked everywhere. I finally found this on Amazon and it was reasonably priced so I tried it and I love it.  My face feels so soft when I pull the mask off and it will come off in one big piece if you want it to. They make my face feel so fresh.  I dont get this sensation with masks that you just wipe off with a washcloth. I will buy more of this.
This product is as close to useless as it can get.  It's a waste of money.  First of all, it falsely advertises as  it doesn't "peel" anything.  Normally with a face masque of any kind, you will see a remarkable instant "glowing" or "brightening" of your skin because it deep cleans.  This product is too thin to be of any benefit.  It does not deep clean and the slightest bit of perspiration will immediately start to dissolve it.  After one tube, I would never buy it again and I do not recommend it.
I was trying to replace a peel off mask I had in college over 10 yrs ago but couldn't remember the name; it left my face soft and it was easy to peel off and it didnt have a strong smell, but this product is the opposite. This product is messy to apply and thick, and it takes a long time to dry and I don't see a difference in my face when I take it off. I left it in the draw with all the other products I don't really use because they do nothing special. I mean really!!!
This masque feels nice on your skin, but beyond that it had little benefit for me. It certainly didn't help clear my pores, in fact you could see the clay visibly clogging them even after I rinsed the masque off. If your skin is as oily as mine this will not take care of the oil much at all. I felt refreshed right after using it but within a few hours I was back to my normal level of oiliness. Overall, I'm not impressed. There are several other masques around this price point that work much better than this one for my skin.
When I have the time, I usually like to use a dry clay mask that I mix with water or vinegar. If I'm pressed for time, I reach for Queen Helene Masque Mud Pack, and it really is good as a fast fix to get out the impurities caused by cosmetics, excess facial oils and the general crud that floats around in the air. If you don't currently use a clay mask, this is a great one to start with. You will instantly see a difference when you apply fresh make-up. Very good!
I love the mint julep face mask from this brand, and I love how cheap these are. However, if you are looking for a mask that purifies and tightens skin, I find it ironic that the mint julep does a better job in these two categories that this one is especially for.When you put the mask on it is super flaky and the dry pieces get everywhere. Make sure to leave it on 5-10 minutes longer than it suggests. My skin felt softer and more moisturized, and I think this would be the better of the two for sensitive skin, but don't buy it to tighten.
I like to switch up my beauty routine and usually mix fruit-based facials for myself, but I like mud as an alternative as well.This is a very good, cheap, basic product to use once a week. It will leave your skin feeling tighter and will give you a glow.I usually exfoliate my face and neck, then apply this for 30 minutes (yes, a little longer than recommended) and after washing it off, I use my night cream (Olay). That combination leaves my skin looking perfect for 3 days+.I recommend it for once a week use for normal to oily skin. If you have dry skin, this may make you feel a little too dry. I have used it on my body (dry skin), and I wouldn't use it there again.
So as a guy, I never considered using any kind of facial stuff.  Well I was convinced to "try" a mud masque.  Let me tell you, in just one use, I could definately see an improvement.  If you never used a masque before, its not that bad of a feeling.  But when I was done I could see how my skin was more "tight"  the effects lasted for about 1 week.  I've done this masque 2 times since then and every time there is a dramatic imrpovement.  I'd recomend this product over the Green one.Queen Helene Masque, Mint Julep - 8 oz
I love this mask. I have been using the expensive masks since I was early 20s. But this one is much better than the ones cost me over $80. My friends told me that I look younger than my younger sister now. hehe... I'm using it once a week, my skin tone is more even now and skin feels tighter too. I have been using the rose water as toner, they are great combination. Maybe the rose water is doing a good job too, I love them both.
"Moisturizing Liquid Hand Soap with Milk & Honey"Exodus 33:3a "Go up to a land flowing with milk and honey..."Milk and honey is a sign of the fullness of God's reign in justice and righteousness. Flowing honey and surging milk begin with fertile land and rivers of usable water. Ample milk means abundant cattle grazing on luxuriant grass, bovines that bear healthy calves--and that fertilize the ground. Bees make honey; bees pollinate fruits and flowers. Dairy, beef, honey and harvest mean nourishment for farmers, families and community, with overflowing everything to sell at market or barter and trade in order to get whatever you cannot grow.Another in Softsoap's extensive line of liquid hand soaps, this particular one is symbolically and realistically perfect for washing hand before helping prepare community dinner at church or elsewhere. It feels good, smells good, lathers well, and rinses off properly.
I used to have extremely dry skin and everyone noticed, it was awful, i hated it so much. Finally a friend who also used to have dry skin recommended this product to me. She has a huge bottle of it at home and during the day she brings a small sample sized bottle of it with her in her purse and she let me try it. That afternoon i drove to the store to buy it.How did i live without it.My skin is no longer dry, its soft and i am so happy. Everyone now asks me now what product i used to get such soft skin. It Is Honestly Silk In A Bottle!!!! I highly recommend this product!!! If you try this product you wont regret it.
I ordered this to try because most body washes irritate and dry  my super-sensitive skin.  This does the trick, it is very mild, and cleans without leaving your skin with that tight stripped feeling.  Nice, effective product at a good price. It is not heavily scented or as fancy as some other body washes, no bright colors or gritty beads, just a light natural scent (no added fragrance, which is  a big deal because fragrance is a major cause of allergic reactions) and an effective gentle body wash.  I highly recommend it, especially if you have sensitive skin.
I really need a body wash for my very dry , itchy winter skin. The reviews lead me to purchase this one, but so far it has made no more difference than my other regular body washes. I don't get it's appeal. I think I will maybe try something with ceremides perhaps next time. There are limited choices for extra dry skin from what I can see. I don't think I will repurchase this aveeno not to mention it is NOT sulfate free and I think it's the sulfates that keep my skin so dry after a shower..
Based upon the ingredient list alone with SLS as the fourth ingredient, I can't help but wonder why they call this "skin relief" and give this product 3 stars because Aveeno should know better. For those suffering with skin problems, steer clear of this drying, itch causing chemical detergent (also used in car washes!).Water, Glycerin, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Decyl Glucoside, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Flour, Glycol Stearate, Sodium Lauroampho PG Acetate Phosphate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, PEG 20 Glycerides, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Starch, PEG 150 Pentaerythrityl Tetrastearate, PEG 120 Methyl Glucose Trioleate, Propylene Glycol, Tetrasodium EDTA, PEG 6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Quaternium 15, Coriandrum Sativum (Coriander) Extract, Elettaria Cardamomum (Cardamon) Seed Extract, Conmiphora Myhrrha Extract, SD Alcohol 39C, May Contain (+/-):, Sodium Hydroxide, Citric Acid
I had horrible eczema on both arms for over a week. It was bad my skin burned in some spots. I went to the Dermatologist and was given a prescription cream. The cream did NOTHING. After another week of this crud on my arms I spotted the Aveeno I had in my cupboard. I thought, "Why not?" I applied it after showering at night twice and on day three ALL of the dry spots were gone. I love Aveeno products and no I was not paid to write this. I am a life fan now.
My husband & I do not like moisturizers with perfumes.  We both like this one very much because it absorbs into the skin and doesn't smell like a perfume counter.  We use it every day and before going to sleep.  This is a heavier version of the Aveeno Active Naturals Daily Moisturizing Lotion; if you like a lighter lotion, you may want to try that one.  This lotion has shea butter which is super rich & moisturizing.  It will feel a little greasy when you first put it on but it absorbs quickly & becomes less greasy.It also works wonders on dry heels, elbows & chapped hands.  And it does this without perfumey stink!Lighter Version:Aveeno Active Naturals Daily Moisturizing Lotion, 18 Ounce
I fully expected to like this.  It does make my skin softer, but it creates a sort of film on my skin that then will sort of get gritty and rub off if I rub my hands.  It's slightly waxy. It also seems to rub off on my clothing, which I can see if I'm wearing black or dark blue.  I wonder if it might actually be the "oat kernel flour" that does this? Colloidal oatmeal is a powder.  I'm not going to throw it out, but I'm not going to buy it again either. I bought this at a local drug store so I can't comment on what others have said about the product having been opened or used, except to say that I don't remember it being sealed in any way.
This is the first winter of my life that I have had my skin dry up so fast like it has been. I concocted a mixture of Shea butter, coconut oil, cocoa butter oil, vitamin e oil and have been putting it on my skin just for my skin to suck it in and be dry and itchy in about 2 hours. Yesterday, I bought this product, along with the matching body wash. No dryness, no itching.  I slept without scratching all freaking night for the first night in a month or so. What a relief! This is my new wintertime lotion.
I'm writing this review for my father who isn't very computer literate.  He spends a fair amount of time outside and suffers from terrible dry skin in the winter.  Though he wishes this worked even better, he says it's the only thing that works for him.He uses it as directed but also applies a layer to his skin after drying off and just leaves it there.  He's tried the various Aveeno lotions but says leaving this wash on is better for him.Personally, I've not had as good a luck with the Aveeno products as I have with applying pure sweet almond oil to areas that get dry while still wet from a shower and WEN by Chaz Dean's texture balm on dry skin (yes, made for hair but also works great on dry lips, noses and hands -- portable and smells amazing too!)
I picked the 3.5 oz (100g) tube of this product off the supermarket shelf for silly reasons: it was bigger than most hand creams there but it was small enough to fit into my purse.After using it for a few days, I noticed that my hands and especially fingers felt soft and slightly slippery even after rinsing with water. I happen to read the text on the back of the packaging: the second of a list of 4 bullets said "Lasts through hand washing." Of course, if you use strong soap and really scrub, you do have to re-apply the lotion afterwards, but I noticed that even after washing out a glass using dish detergent, my fingers still felt somewhat moisturized. I do apply more lotion but I don't 'have to' every time.
I have suffered bad skin allergies and eczema for years.  I only use aveeno to soap my body with.  I don't think I am allergic to scented soap, but the benefit I know I get from Aveeno is that it keeps my skin moist (but not greasy), which is really important if you have eczema.  I also use Aveeno's eczema lotion to pair with this soap and together they keep my flare ups at bay.  I would give this a sixth star if possible because of the price here on Amazon.  It is nearly half the amount than the regular store!
I have really dry skin. It runs in my family and I've had to deal with it all my life, so I have experience with all kinds of lotion since I was a little girl. For dry skin I've mainly stuck with oil-based deep moisturizers. I tried "water-based"-feeling type lotions before and they were always so lightweight. But then I discovered Aveeno moisturizing line, specifically the 18-hour and now it's all I use. I have need for nothing else. What I like most about it is that it PENETRATES and HYDRATES from within (rather than sits on top of skin acting as a sealant). It hydrates within and how long it lasts (staying power) is the best I've seen. Also, I'm NO LONGER left with an oily or "smudgy" body (I'd leave smudges everywhere I touched due to the heavier, less effective lotions of the past). I feel deeply moisturized and non-oily - can't beat it. I'm a customer for life!
This is the only body wash we use in this house.  All four females LOVE IT!  It is great on even the most sensitive skin among us.  It is gentle but leaves us feeling clean and our skin is so soft.  I wouldn't even want to try anything else.  As far as the scent, well, there really isn't a scent in this product.  The other varieties from Aveeno (with fragrance) I have not liked.  So I use this one and then after I shower I use Bath and Body Works Cucumber Melon lotion for a nice light scent on the skin.  I really don't think you can find anything better, whether you have sensitive skin or not.
I have to say that I'm really bad at using hand lotion.  I never remember to put in on, even in the winter.  The only time I remember is after my hands are already red and cracked.  I came across this stuff a couple winters ago when my hands were in really bad shape.  After the first use, my hands were moisturized and no longer cracked.  What is also great about it is that it lasts through handwashing.  I use this once in the morning and it usually lasts the entire day. Great, great, great product.
I have very dry skin after chemo and have tried so many OTC and even expensive prescriptions but this has worked the best for me.  It soaks in and I don't scratch.  I don't feel like I've got lotion layering on my skin.  I'm a picture so if I feel a bump or scratch or rub and it moves I unintentionally dig and this stuff has soaked in, a rarely scratch and then its usually about time for the evening application.  When I apply at night, even with the mild hot flashes it keeps me from scratching, a nice lubricating product that doesn't layer on top, it really soaks in.noknots
I LOVE THIS STUFF! I am now on my third bottle and it has become a staple in my shower.This is the ONLY body wash I have ever used that doesn't dry my skin out or cause irritation. I have used everything from commercial drugstore products to high end, organic, natural, whatever and I always come back to this one because it works the best.This wash has a rich lather and leaves my skin feeling silky, soft, and smooth. I get compliments on how great my skin feels! Baby soft! It is unscented but if you really smell it you can pick up a naturally fresh pleasant scent.The only thing I wish I could change about this product is it isn't completely all natural. But its a Gem!
I recently had back surgery and was not allowed to take showers for a number of weeks. Sponge baths worked ok for the body, but washing the hair was a problem as chances of getting the water on the scar (and thus risk of infection) were high. I was miserable not being able to wash my hair until someone told me about No-rinse Shampoo.Small things make a big difference when you are hospitalized/recovering from surgery.  No-rinse shampoo removed one of the things that was making me feel bad and I am so pleased someone told me about it.
I tried this. It didn't work for me but it might work for others based on all the good reviews it has on amazon. It's probably only for certain hair types (maybe shorter and less oily hair). My hair gets oily quickly and when I use this the day after a shower, It doesn't feel clean. It leaves a sticky feeling in my hair and it still looks oily. It also weighs my hair down. The only plus is it smells nice. Powder dry shampoo may be another option, but I haven't tried that one yet.
My dog is getting older, and let's just say hygiene isn't her primary concern (or even a vague interest) anymore.  Her little girl parts get kinda gnarly as she doesn't clean herself.  I've used baby wipes and those sturdier microwavable disposable washcloths, but thought I'd try this.  It's OK.  I did end up rinsing it just because I didn't want the residue back there in case she decided to go all 'bikini line' licking in the vicinity (which she didn't- just sat down incredibly quickly as the air hit her wet backdoor).  I doubt I'll reorder it again for her, but I'll use up what I've got.
When our daughter had surgery last fall, she wasn't able to stand long enough to shower, and had gauze dressings that couldn't get wet.  I had been sponge bathing her, but her long hair desperately needed washing.  I picked up a bottle of this no-rinse shampoo at Walmart.I was able to massage it through her hair and then towel it dry, and get a comb through her matted hair.  It did remove most of the oil and made her hair smell better, although of course it wasn't as nice as an actual shampoo.  However, when you don't have a choice about being able to shower, this is a good option.  She felt better just having her hair somewhat clean and brushed after a week of lying there.I would recommend this if you are caring for someone who can't take a regular shower or bath, but wouldn't recommend it for a way to skip shampooing if you're able to shampoo.
I've tried allot of these types of products (should mention I'm a hair stylist & can get many hair products at half price or less) & even the so called "expensive brand named ones" to me I hated. They all stunk & looked like I dumped a bottle of baby powder all over my hair. With allot of good reviews on here I decided to give this one a whirl. Loved it! Yes, you do have to lather it until your hair is pretty wet but it WORKS (for me anyways) & I have very fine/kind of oily hair. Sure beats washing it every day & styling it over & over each day. Not to mention doing that every day really drys out & damages it. This doesn't. I recommend it for sure.
I brought this camping and both guys and gals used this.  It smells fresh, like you've taken a shower with regular shampoo, feels refreshing when going on.  The directions say to soak your hair, massage it in and then towel dry. I have a lot of hair but still have a decent amount left (it was used by 5 adults).  It does make your hair look smooth and it does make if feel like there's product in your hair (like gel) but it's much, much better than going without a shower.
I have fibromyalgia and there are days when even taking a shower is too much.  Raising my arms over my head for the amount of time it takes to shampoo and condition will make my arms ache for the rest of the day.  This No Rinse Shampoo has been a godsend!  On the days I really must shampoo (I can mist my hair the second and third day after I shampoo), using this is perfect.  It makes my hair fresh and scalp clean.  I don't know how it works without having to rinse it out, but it doesn't leave it feeling sticky or full of residue, either.  It gives me one extra day of rest and that's important for some of us!Tip:  I would shower and shampoo normally the day after using this, however.
This lipstick really stays on for a full day and probably longer if you don't take it off at night before sleeping. It also stays on coffee cups, spoons, etc. through a dishwasher cycle so check carefully when unloading the dishes to be put away or your house will look like a bad restaurant. I use Neutrogena eye make-up remover to remove it at night and I have read that some people use baby oil. If you want to go all day without worrying about your lipstick, this is the product for you. Sometimes I wonder what exactly is in it to make it stay on so long, but it's probably better for my peace of mind not to know.
I wear lipstick from the minute I get up until I go to bed.  I've tried many other kinds, but I always go back to this.  It's simply the best.  It's very long wearing and unless you eat something greasy, it stays on most the day.  The darker colors have more staying power.  The conditioner on one end has a glossy shine, but if you don't like that, let it wear off.  You will need it at first or your lips will feel dry.  After the gloss wears off, you probably won't notice it.  I don't.  I really like that it has no fragrance. The only thing I don't like, is I can't carry it in my pocket without it coming unscrewed.
I've been using this lip color for many years. I like the raspberry shade of pink, the ease of application, the long-lasting color that rarely needs a touch-up. It stays &#34;put&#34; and doesn't run into those lip creases we develop as we age.  My only complaint would be the frequency with which I have to buy the tubes.  Using daily, the color side of the tube honestly doesn't last more than 30-40 days for me.  I always end up with the clear gloss side being more than half full when the color side is empty.  I think more lip color could be gotten from the tube if the applicator was as long as the tube of color.  I always think there is more product at the bottom that I just can't get to with the provided applicator.
I've tried a lot of lip products, but this is the only one I rave about. The color really lasts a long time - like, I'll put it on in the morning and it will still look great at the end of the day. Like I can eat, kiss, drink, and I'm still the only one wearing lipstick. Like, I'll still be wearing lipstick after a shower.It doesn't get stiff or cakey, and I can just add some gloss to freshen it up. The only things I've noticed is that it doesn't work well with Burt's Bees or other waxy lip balms - it can get lumpy if you use chapstick over it.  Gloss seems to be fine. Also, it can be a P in the A to get off at the end of the night, so often I will look extra terrible in the morning if I'm too lazy to scrub at it.
...I need a wider selection, or at least a few more color choices, in the Warm category. BUT I will say, this lipcolor wears very well. Use, when not using this product, the best available lipcare/lipbalm you can afford, however, especially overnight. Otherwise, you will probably get dry lips. I live in Colorado, so I know. ANYWAY, the colors: Scarlett is a very COOl red. I am a redhead/auburn-head with gold highlights and pale, warm-undertoned skin. I can't wear cool lip colors without looking drained and sick. So, I'm disappointed with the Scarlett and one of the other paler colors of which I cannot remember the name. I am ordering the whatever Coral color now. I'm doing this online because local drugstores are often not fully stocked with all or most of the colors in this product line.
For a lip gloss, the pigmentation and staying power is pretty great. Once it dries, it stays put and doesn't feel sticky (no more hair sticking to your lips on a windy day!).Just a head's up: it seems to form a plasticky coating on your lips that tends to peel/flake off, instead of just fade away. If I gently rub my lips together when wearing this, it literally forms little clumps that flake off. I wouldn't recommend this for people who tend to have dry lips. If that doesn't bother you, go ahead and give this a try.
I have nothing bad to say about this product. It leaves your skin soft, healthy, moisturized,not greasy and with a very light scent of sunblock.I've been out in the sun a lot since I bought this product and I have yet to get a sunburn on my face even when the rest of my body gets sunburnt(have yet to find a good body moisturizer with SPF).And to make it even better, a little of this product goes a longggg way. The thin consistancy of the product makes it so I need just one small squirt to cover my face and neck, making the bottle last a long time which saves money :)My search for a facial moisturizer with SPF has come to an end with this product :) I love it :)
I must admit when I first purchased this product I was a little skeptical because most Eucerin products I have got have been way too rich for my skin even when it claims to be lightweight .  Another reason I was skeptical was because I have never actually seen this product in the store by the other SPF face lotions.  However, I love it.  It is very lightweight and a little goes a long way.  Also the bottle size fits perfectly into my skin care organizer.  I think I will be purchasing this product from now on instead of my beloved Aveeno.
I got this product from Walgreens and it serves all of my needs, it is fragrance free which is great because I don't even realize I have it on during the day (unlike other spf facial products!). It has a great consistency, not too thin and not too thick, so it keeps my skin moist. It is the perfect lotion - it is not greasy and doesn't make your skin look shiny. It doesn't emit fumes into my eyes even when I use it in my eye area. It does make your face a teeny bit whiter than it is because of the ingredients but it's not that noticeable if you spread it well and not leave smudges of it, so I'd definitely suggest checking the mirror after you applied it. Though other people said the pump isn't great and clogs, I never had that problem, the lotion comes out smoothly and easily, and I can put the right amount of pressure to get the right amount I want. I'm very satisfied with this lotion!!
I generally do pretty well with Eucerin products, but unfortunately, this just wasn't it. When I first put it on, I noticed the smell, exactly like sunscreen, and my face (which is already pale) looked like a ghost. It turned my skin white! And I reeked of sunscreen.The biggest disappointment from this product was one of its ingredients: sulfate. If you are sensitive to sulfates in the smallest way, this product will definitely dry out your skin. My skin started flaking off after two weeks of using this lotion, and definitely improved when I stopped. Instead of moisturizing it like it claims to do, it did the complete opposite.Overall, this was disappointing. My skin looked flaky, white, and smelled like sunscreen. There are definitely better moisturizers out on the market.
I usually use the Q10 w/o the spf and wanted to try the one with spf because I'm starting retin-A but they didn't sell it.. so I decided to give this one a try. I have pretty dry skin. It gets pretty flaky in the winter time so I need something that will moisturize deeply. This face moisturizer penetrates my skin to where it isn't flaky anymore yet it doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy/oily. I can wear it under make up and my skin looks super smooth all day. I'm also prone to ocassional break outs and haven't had any problems with them so I like this product a lot. Fragrance free is also a plus.
This product feels okay on the skin but leaves a highly visible white film on the skin.  I'm not sure if it is apparent on other races but it is very noticeable on African American skin tones. It looks like I've applied cheap foundation shades too light on my face.I cannot wear it outdoors in front of people during the day (and I'm cheap! :) ) so I use it as my night time moisturizer before bed. Imagine using an SPF moisturizer only to bed...Will not repurchase once I've used it all.
I made the classic mistake of "the fancier and more expensive the better" when I was a dedicated Aveeno user. I thought my skin was moisturized and protected, but I didn't know what I was missing out on until I gave this a shot! For MUCH less money, I get double the SPF (unheard of to find a 30 spf face moisturizer at this price!!) and fewer breakouts because of the minimal additives (fragrances/skin "brighteners" read= literally GLITTER!)It leaves my skin soft without being oily and never feels tight or greasy after using. Now, I can slather this stuff on in the morning without wondering if I'm truly protecting myself from the sun and before bed without worrying about gross pimples popping up overnight!My mom was right - she always had Eucerin products around when I was a kid, and I've found out now for good reason! I hope they never stop making this stuff. It's done wonders for my skin and doesn't break my already tight budget.
This is a great value and offers great protection.I have very fair skin and I'm often frustrated when selecting moisturizers... anything above SPF 15 is either expensive or just regular, old sunblock.And then I found this! It's reasonably priced and offers SPF 30. Even more importantly, it's &#34;broad spectrum&#34;, which means it protects from rays that cause sunburn AND wrinkles and cancer. (Although BEWARE: Eucerin's similarly packaged body lotion with SPF 15 is NOT broad spectrum - BAD EUCERIN!)Previously, I used Olay, but couldn't find a higher SPF.I have VERY sensitive skin. Derms always recommend Cetaphil at the bargain end for skin like mine, and that even gave me a terrible rash. Even around the eye area, I'm able to use this moisturizer with no clogged pores or irritation.It's the best I've tried and I've tried all the usual drugstore suspects. I hope it stays on shelves for a long time!
This is my go-to moisturizer. It's light (maybe a little too light for winter if you get really dry skin), and it has 30 spf which many doctors recommend nowadays.  Given the 30 SPF, this is by far the cheapest facial lotion I've seen here or anywhere else.  It absorbs well into my skin, does NOT smell strongly of sunscreen or anything really, and the pump dispenser is pretty good (though if you are a vigorous pumper it will look like something... gross and white... got squirted on you). The little plastic cap is good quality  --- it has never cracked on me like some other bottles. Even after months of use, it seems to treat my acne kindly, which is to say it doesn't really have an effect on it either way. Best of all though, this lotion never stings even if I get it close to my eyes.My only complaint is I wish they made 3oz bottles so I could take this on a plane.
I switch around among the usual suspects--Eucerin, Aveeno, Neutrogena,etc. but this is my favorite. It's truly fragrance free with a high SPF, and a little goes a long way. It spreads nicely over the skin with a smooth feel. I don't notice the so-called white residue some have mentioned--I slather it on and let it dry for a minute or two, and if any excess cream is still visible I then blend it in easily. I haven't used it long enough to notice that my wrinkles are less visible--I don't really believe that anything topical will help anyway, and I'm not about to do anything more drastic, so this lotion is great for me. The price here for two is excellent.
This is the only sun screen moisturizer that I can find that features the physical combination of zinc oxide and titanium dioxide to provide true broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection without potentially harmful chemicals with adverse effects (like oxybenzone and octinoxate, which interfere with reproductive hormones and metabolism). Unlike chemical agents, physical agents are not susceptible to being absorbed into the skin after they are broken down by the sun. The product initially has a white tint, as if it doesn't have very good consistency, but this fades away within several minutes.
I have sensitive skin that tends to get red when I put any cream on my face. This 30SPF lotion leaves a white shiny film on my face and the skin looks a little pinker because of this. No, I don't use too much at once, actually not enough (I know that we should use one tablespoon for the face for perfect cover, I use less than a teaspoon). I used other SPF 30 creams and did not have the effect.The pro is that sensitive skin won't react bad. I had no burning or tingling from this product. Just won't use it because I don't want to look white/pink and shiny
I HATE using sunscreem.  Positively hate it!  It feels and smells gross and makes my skin break out, but I absolutely had to start using it recently because of another skin product I began using, so I decided to give the Eucerin Protective Lotion a whirl.The Eucerin is by far the best sunscreen/-block I have found. I've tried Neutrogena and countless other mineral/sensitive skin sunscreens, and hated them all, but the Eucerin disappears on my skin better than most mineral sunblocks, has very little odor, and has caused no break outs, even during exercise.  I think it does a decent job of moisturizing when used on its own, but I do usually mix it with my  day cream, which probably reduces its SPF a bit, but it's not been a problem, and I'm really happy with the product.
I have sensitive skin, plus have sun photosensitivity. I've been using this sunbloc for a number of years as a daily face lotion. To make it completely sunproof and long lasting, I use ColorScience sunbloc powder (colorless All Clear, which you can get on the internet) over it and know I am completely protected for an entire day of normal indoor/outdoor activities. (I wouldn't rely on it for waterbased activities or heavy duty sports activities.)Some reviewers have mentioned that it leaves a white film on their faces. It does, but that's not a negative and you shouldn't rub it in to eliminate the film for it is the film that protects you from harmful rays. I always get compliments on my complexion and questions about what makes my skin look so translucent and youthful. The secret is that white film which actually looks attractive if you put a dusting of Colorscience or any regular translucent powder, plus a little powder blush over it.
I live in a very sunny desert area, and this lotion has worked great as my daily UV protection.  Does not make your face look greasy, and has no scent, so folks cannot even tell I have it on.  When I used it in a more humid environment, however, it did sweat off into my eyes fairly readily. So not recommended as your primary protection for sports or swimming, and be ready for it to sweat off and sting your eyes in more hot and humid climes.  But for drier areas, works great.
It's okay. It moisturizes. It feels a bit oily but that might just be my skin. It is light which I like. Also, I like the bottle because one pump is exactly how much I need. However, it smells like a sunscreen. Also, It looks and feels like a sunscreen to some extent. It is not a real problem, but I don't especially like it particularly because, like sunscreen, it leaves your face tinted white before it settles it . I'll probably try something different when I'm done with these two bottles. The only good thing about the sunscreen likeness is that it is SPF 30 which is really good, however; I'm not sure whether I should reapply it after 2 hours of being in the sun like most sunscreens or just leave it. I wouldn't recommend it unless you're looking for a sunscreen.
If you have lame genetic acne (like me!) that does whatever it wants, you NEED to try this moisturizer. All the topical treatments dry my skin out to flake off like a gosh dang lizard lady - and this is one of the very few things that works on gross flaky skin. More importantly, because this stuff sorted out my lizard skin, i'm way less likely to pick my face, and therefore way less likely to introduce bacteria to screw up my clear-ish skin. And let's not forget that acne treatments (retinoid creams, accutane, benzoyl peroxide) make your skin way more likely to burn so this SPF is killer.It has also lasted me for waaaaay longer than i expected! I use it maybe twice a day and a single bottle is still going strong after 6 months. It works fine under some primer and makeup as well.Eucerin: Great for lizard people, lasts forever, just the best everyday facial moisturizer on the market
Overall, it sits on my skin and I wouldn't be able to put makeup over it because it doesn't absorb into my face.  My face ends up looking sweaty even though I haven't broken a sweat!  The product also has a strong chemical smell like a very cheap sunscreen.  It is also drying, which is weird for a moisture lotion.  If you sweat while wearing this, you will get white streaks on your clothing and face.I've kept this bottle for only one reason and that is to use it if I run out of the good stuff and that isn't often.  I guess you get what you pay for.  This is cheap as in price and in quality.  I highly recommendAveeno Smart Essentials Daily Nourishing Moisturizer, 2.5 oz.over this one.
I bought this because of all the great reviews in magazines and on t.v., naming this as the best mascara on the market.  I have never been allergic to a cosmetic but this product burned my eyes every time I used it and accidentally got a little bit inside the lid.  The brush is small (some may like that, some may not) and it is not the slightest bit clumpy (excellent) but the reaction I had to it outweighed the positives and I returned it and got my money back.
A good mascara for everyday use, but not what I choose for a dramatic look. Looks great and lasts all day when used over a lash conditioner (to thicken and lengthen) after lashes have been curled. This is one of the darkest black formulas I've ever used, and it looks great. It's a long lasting formula with minimal clumping and no flaking. The only thing I hate about it is that if it gets in my eyes while washing off, it BURNS so bad! Same if I cry while wearing it! Loreal and Rimmel mascaras do the same thing, but not as bad. This mascara burns more than any other I have tried.
I had used this brand years ago and never had a problem. When my most recent tube of another brand ran out, I went back to the soft black great lash but the very first day I used it, my eyes felt dry and itchy - I thought it was odd and as normal, washed off all my makeup that night taking care to remove everything around my eyes. The next morning, my eyes felt worse - crusty red and irritated. Took some visine, thought maybe some soap had gotten in my eyes and that was the problem. Applied makeup as usual including this mascara, same day time issues, same problem the next morning with red irritated eyes. Being stubborn I tried it again day 3 - same problems. Nothing else in my regime changed except this mascara. Now I am reading reviews on this same brand in blackest black that there is something causing the same problems for many other users. Something is up with Maybelline. I would take it back to the store if I kept the receipt. No star.
This has been a beauty staple of makeup artists and mascara fans for years and I cannot for the life of me figure out why. I guess if you're lookin for a mascara to give your lashes a darker color and nothing more, you'd be satisfied with this. But most women buy mascara to lengthen and/or thicken their lashes and this just doesn't do that. It doesn't clump, but it also doesn't do anything else for your lashes. I really tried to give it a chance but it ended up in the garbage. Such a waste. Good thing it's pretty cheap.
I've always considered buying this brand because I've seen it advertised in several magazines as a &#34;best beauty pick&#34; so I thought it must be good.  I really don't find it that great of a mascara.  I think it's more of the wand than the mascara itself.  It's a very thin brush and you have to coat your lashes like 20 times to get decent coverage.  I also prefer curved mascara wands because I think they make application easier than straight ones do.  This mascara has a straight wand.  I'd rate this product as average.
Well, no mascara that I know of looks totally natural (except one by Shiseido that is no longer made, as far as I can tell). I've been iso a light-weight mascara in brown that has just enough umph to cover the powder that most shadows make on lashes. This one is the best I've found--after trying more expensive department and drugstore brands. I still would like to find one that deposits even less mascara-stuff on the brush, but it helps if I wipe the brush with a tissue before applying to lashes.I'm in my 50s, and most mascaras make me look worse instead of better. Somehow that mascara-y look is severe and accentuates wrinkles and aging, I think. I'm thankful I revisited this one, as I enjoyed it back in the 70s as well.
I desperately hated it when my favorite maybelline lash stiletto voluptuous waterproof mascara ran out. So i went to walmart and looked at their mascaras. At my walmart, lash stiletto was about $8 so i decided to try something cheaper. So i quickly grabbed the cheapest maybelline mascara i saw, which was the great lash (it was $4.88). I didn't really expect much from it, but after using it twice, i actually fell in love with this mascara. I like to use one coat and thats all i need. My lashes look fuller, darker, and still looks natural and soft. way better than my former mascara. This is my ultimate favorite. I love it! :D
It seems to me that Maybelline is synonomus with mascara.  You would think, then, that given their years in the industry that they would have mascara down pat!Not so, as evidenced by this product.  It is not a good product because it does not do what it is suppose to do which is to make the lashes look longer, thicker, etc.There's a company in Australia that makes the best that I have found.  Then there's Lancome which is always good.Both of them are much more expensive:  4 times more so.I would think Maybelline would improve their product and if it's mmore expensive to do so, then do so and charge perhaps 10 bucks for a product that will end up doing what its suppose to.Their liquid eyeliner surprisingly does well in competing with Lancome....why not their mascara?
Awfully reasonably priced, this mascara is almost perfect.  I read the reviews before ordering it.  Some reviewers felt it clumped; that problem was easilyapproachable by following the package instructions to apply second and later coats before the previous coats dried.  I also poled my Facebook Friends; they liked this product.  Thirdly, the results in the mirror were excellent, EXCEPT . . . and this problem I have not yet solved--and therefore will probably go back to my more expensive previous brand.  It is very, very hard to apply this mascara without getting bits of it on your skin where you don't want it.  Cleaning those mars up causes smudging--a mite too smouldering a look for me.
For the price, it's a good product. The non-waterproof version smears like crazy on me, I can't even wear it, but this waterproof stuff held up even through major sweating, so I'll give credit where credit's due.  It doesn't thicken like crazy, it doesn't lengthen like crazy, but it just gives you a nice, solid lash line.  For a regular makeup-wearer, this is a nice casual, weekend, no-makeup look mascara.  For my day-to-day mascara, I prefer something with a little more oomph, but for casual weekend wear, and for the price, this is a good value.
I've been using Maybelline mascara for what seems like over twenty years. How time flies. I have tried other mascaras but they just seemed more messy than this one. As long as you let this dry before you rub your eyes you probably won't have a problem. This is however a more thickening mascara. It does nothing for length. I like this mascara because my hair is brown and the mascara matches my hair and eyebrows. It also creates a very natural look unlike the lengthening types of mascara. Inevitably I do rub my eyes while wearing mascara and this one doesn't create too much of an issue. It only slightly darkens under my eyes but it is not very noticeable. If you are going to watch a sad movie while wearing mascara this is also a good choice since it is waterproof. It removes easily withMaybelline Expert Eyes Mascara Remover, Moisturizing. Just also wash your face with whatever you normally use as the remover tends to be a little oily. Otherwise it is great.~The Rebecca Review
First off, I started using this product back in the 70s, but ended up over the the years buying all the new and greatest brands, but ultimately came back to this old stand-by, because I happened to be watching ABC's Good Morning America news show one morning, and they had a beauty consultant on which had gone through all the top rated mascara brands including this one. Ultimately, their tests couldn't prove any of the other more expensive brands were any better than this old stand-by.  And the reported indicated that it was more feasible to use this brand. So, I will start using this product again, and stop wasting my money on the other brands which I personally couldn't see any improvement over this one.
I keep coming back to this mascara. Not due to superior coverage or lengthening, but due to the fact that is never clumps. I have other mascaras that I like for a while, until it starts clumping. This mascara never seems to clump, even after you have had it a couple of months. I will say that with the waterproof, you need to let it dry between coats. I have tried many brands and types. This wand works very well for both top and bottom lashes and there is a reason it has been around for so long. It is cost effective and just performs well.
an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied is an excellent product I am satisfied with their quality and durability recommend price is excellent quality. very pleased with this product very good very good very good, superb design fabricaion realci&oacute;n cost and durability and quality are consistent with the product greta greta great great great great great great&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;
I've been using this product for over a year and it always works for me.  Even if I skip my morning shower, I never have underarm odor, and I'm one of those self-conscious women who discreetly lifts and sniffs. lolI admit that I do not perspire very much, even though I live in muggy Southwest Florida, but I will start to smell if I don't use a good deodorant. I needed a couple of add-on items to get free shipping, and Amazon's price is the same as my local Walmart, so now I won't run out for a long time.  By the way, it's really fragrance free and the gel formula is gentle.
My Nordic background blessed (?) me with blond hair, light skin, and sensitivities/allergies to a lot of different things.  One of my biggest problems moving to Florida 33 years ago was to find an EFFECTIVE deodorant and anti-perspirant  that didn't declare war on my underarms.  Everything I tried made my underarms sore and chaffed.Several products I tried professed to be 'gentle' and 'hypoallergenic' and yet caused the same reaction.  Finally I tried Almay and was amazed that not only did it work in Southwest Florida's heat and humidity, but I had no adverse reactions to it.  Another advantage is that it doesn't mark my clothes like some deodorants do.So if you are having a problem finding an effective deodorant/anti-perspirant that doesn't cause a problem with your skin, give Almay a try.  Hopefully it will solve your problem too.
I started to break out in a rash under my arms. HUH ? So, I tried letting it all clear up, but every time I used an anti-perspirant again... BLAM ! IT WAS BACK. I eat a lot of veggies and herbs. I really can't do without an anti-perspirant. Deodorants only mix with the odor and get more potent during the workday. I was DESPARATE. Almay is THE answer. No more rash, no more odor. Whew. The things we take for granted until something changes. Thanks, Almay
I have naturally light brown hair. Sun In is a great way for me to go blond that is very easy. Just spray it on, and head out into the California sun. I also feel Sun In gives my hair nice body and makes it fuller. People have commented on my hair, thinking I was a natural blond.I just wish they made a product to just do the roots of your hair. To spray from the bottle just the roots is alittle difficult.But overall, a very easy way to go blond with a natural look.
I can't tell you how much this product saved me from damaged hair and hundreds and hundreds of dollars and time going to the salon. I tried getting highlights at the salon but I could barely tell and my hair was fried, brittle and fell off.I have used Sun-In for 10 years and it is literally incredible. I have medium brown hair that looks like pencil led. With Sun-In all throughout my hair I have golden to platinum blonde hair and have had my whole life. My hair was blonde during childhood. During adolescents it got darker. Sun-In makes my hair shiner and the day after I use it, I have a GOOD hair day. It does take time to sit and use a hair dryer but beats going to the salon and paying $70!! In the summer it is super easy when you are out at the pool.This product is my favorite product of all time THANK YOU SUN-IN
Last week I used Clairol foam to dye my hair back to its natural medium golden brown from a blue streak... and it came out a dead dark auburn (not to mention the mess on my sink that's still there). It looked AWFUL. I'd heard of Sun-In before and knew the bottle said not to use on colored hair. But a lot of people had tried it and said it was fine, so I used it on a hidden section first.The spray is easy to use and the smell is very nice. A hairdryer later and that section was slightly lighter. If figured if it wasn't light enough I could do it again later so I did my whole head. It looks GREAT. It took out the deadening greyish red that looks so unnatural with my skin and replaced it with my natural gold.So yes, this product works great on at least my colored hair. But always test it first!
This is magnificent!  I am 56 with very fair skin and somewhere along the way lost my &#34;pretty&#34;. I reevaluate my skin care and makeup every year at my birthday and recently decided to try the Regenerist products. I use the Deep Hydration as day cream.This morning, I cleansed, used the skin tightening serum, and moisturized with this product.  I was sidetracked before I could start my makeup, and when I returned to my dressing table, immediately started choosing a lipstick. It wasn't until I had applied the lipstick that I realized I had no foundation or blush on!  What!!!???My complexion has improved drastically.  No more redness on my nose and chin.  I don't need to use a primer before foundation.  I barely use concealer anymore.I love the pre-measured dispenser top, and that this does not have an SPF (I find them irritating) or fragrance.
I started using this in combination with their night recovery cream. I couldn't be happier. I look at least five years younger and it has taken away that tired, drawn look.  My skin is softer and brighter.  My wrinkles are much less noticable. More importantly, as I have tried tons of products, it has reduced my under eye circles. This is no small feat. I have super dark blue, very hollow/sunken-in circles that, even with cover up, are still dark and shadowed because they are sunk in. This has plumped up the skin below my eyes, and, in addition to getting rid of much of the wrinkling, it has made it easier to put cover-up on the remaining discoloration, as it has taken away at least half of the sunken in look and the darkness. Really a big difference in only a week of using these products. I highly recommend this!
I've tried more expensive lotions and creams on my face, but I really love this one the best.  It leaves my face feeling and looking very soft.  I also love the way you just press the top and the lotion/cream comes out....you don't have to dip your fingers in a jar or touch what's left in it.  All creams and lotions should be this way...I hate having to dig out cream in a jar with my fingers not knowing if I've left any germs in the remaining cream.  I recommend this.
I bought this moisturizer for my 93 year old mother. She was very overweight when she came to live with us and had a lot of loose skin under her chin. She had lost over 25 pounds since living with us, and much of the hanging skin under her chin is gone. Although some of this is due to the weight loss, I believe this cream has helped. I have used it on her every night for the last year and a half, and the chin is disappearing in addition to wrinkles on her face. For 93, she looks pretty darn good.
Have used this for 5 months and have seen a difference. I have sensitive skin and use hypoallergenic so I buy the fragrance free style. It actually does as advertised. I am very impressed. I am 64 and have seen a noticeable improvement in texture.  It is worth trying and the price is reasonable compared to other products. I have never used Olay products before, and am thrilled to find these results at such a reasonable price. I use it with their Pro X scrub and small white brush that spins. Together, with a few other of their Regenerist products, and WOW!
I've used a number of facial moisturizers over the years, expensive and drug store brands.  This is my favorite.  I am in my early 50's and have always had very dry skin, so it's tricky to find a moisturizer that works for me to the point where I only use night creams.  But this one is great!  It goes on silky smooth and doesn't feel heavy or greasy.  It absorbs quickly allowing for easy application of mineral foundation.  It also lasts all day for me without my skin ending up feeling tight and dry by the end of the day.  And within a week or so of starting to use it, my skin felt so much softer and smoother.  I highly recommend for anyone with very dry skin at any age.  LOVE IT!!
I do like this product but can not say "I love it" because I am constantly looking for a good moisturizer.  MY face is sensitive and dry and it is difficult to find a product that isn't too greasy,too smelly,or too expensive.  I can't afford to buy $50.00 moisturizers; I am a retired 68 year old senior living on restricted budget; however I do care to look nice.  I do not like the dispenser, I would prefer a jar and not this pumping action.
I bought this when a airline lost my luggage on the way to Kodiak, AK. I settled on this product, when I couldn't find a cheap Jojoba or Vit E. Oil at a local drug store. I used it at night only, since it doesn't include SPF. It seemed to be hydrating without being oily. I kept using it for a week at night, even after finding my luggage. I ended up trashing a full bottle due to breakout and a bit of a rash developing on my cheek. Back to Jojoba and La Posay Roche.This just reinforces why I never buy drugstore products.
I am not getting up there in years yet, but there is nothing wrong with someone in their 20s protecting their skin- it is called taking proactive measures.  I love this stuff- I started using this stuff four years ago and I was sold from the very first use.  It goes on nice and easy and spreads over your skin.  It doesn't feel oily once it is spread on your skin and leaves your face feeling firm and soft.  My skin tends to get a little red when I spread it on, but that quickly disappears after a minute or two.  I love the way this stuff makes my skin feel!I have noticed that they now make a version of this serum that has no fragrance, but I actually prefer the fragrance!Definitely a five star product that I highly recommended.  I gave my mom some of this when she was out visiting, and she loves it too!  It is a must have for your skin care regimen!
I have been using Olay Regenerist daily serum for 2 years now and I am very impressed.  For an inexpensive product it worked much better then expensive ones.  It goes on velvety smooth and in the morning when I wake up my face glows with a nice radiance.  It brightened under my eyes and made my face shine.  I tried other products to see if they would measure up to Regenerist but none did, they weren't even close.  I would recommend this product to anyone wanting a smooth youthful glow.
After buying Olay Regenerist Regenerating Serum Moisturizer at a local store, I found I liked it better than any other facial product.  It is not greasy, there is no fragrance that I can detect, and it easily allows a bit of makeup if desired.  EIght pumps of the bottle and that will cover my neck and face for the entire day.  For anyone who does not want heavy or expensive products, this is the one.  I like it so much that I added it to my recurring Amazon.com order list.
Having used some of the more expensive products in my day, I have to say that Olay does a great job at keeping up with the competition while at the same time offering their products at affordable prices. I had originally been using a Vichy serum that had been working wonderfully, but the price was becoming far too steep to afford (over 40$!) - so I decided to give Olay Regenerist a try. Some things I've noticed since using it over the past year-1. Keeps my skin soft, but supple and tight.2. Feels velvety smooth on my skin, and makes it feel clean and light-weight.3. Some wrinkles forming along my brow have completely disappeared.4. My skin looks and feels awesome!Overall, you just can't argue with real results, and when the price is right, you've got nothing to lose here  - Highly recommended, give it a try and you'll love it!
I bought this daily moisturizer along with the eye serum, face serum and and night cream.  I generally use Loreal daily moisturizer but figured I'd try all of the Olay Regenerist products.  The first thing I noticed is that Olay is thicker than Loreal.  The second thing is the fragrance.  Loreal has a nice, light lemony scent.  Olay's scent is much stronger and floral.  I've only been using it for about a week so I can't really judge the effects.  However, I am a little turned off by the scent.Update:  I've gotten used to the thickness and scent.  I think I still prefer the Loreal but this is a good everyday moisturizer.  I've definitely noticed an improvement in my skin since using the Regenerist line.
I not only don't see any difference after using almost the whole bottle, but it doesn't provide any temporary benefits either.  It makes my face look a little greasy, and there is not much of a cosmetic difference.  My skin doesn't really look better after I apply it.  But I have tried worse.  I don't think I will buy it again.  I'd rather try something else.  One thing though-it doesn't make my eyes burn like some other moisturizers with an SPF.
I bought four products from this line--the Regenerating Lotion with UV, Daily Regenerating Serum, Night Recovery Moisturizing, and the Eye Serum. After two weeks of use, I'm pretty pleased. I'm skeptical by nature, and I wonder if anyone notices the change produced by skin products like these other than the user. But, I think this stuff does make the skin around my eyes look smoother and lighter, and it certainly moisturizes without being greasy. I have pretty sensitive skin, and I haven't had any redness or irritation, and certainly no pimples. I also don't notice any scent. I find eye creams especially irritating (Clinique was AWFUL for me!) but the eye serum is very soothing. I'm pleased with the results and certainly the price!
I swear, I've tried so many different types of moisturizers that contain SPF in them but each one seems to leave my skin feeling oily or like I'm at the beach putting sun screen on my face. NOT cute! What I love about this product is that it contains sun screen but doesn't FEEL like you're wearing it. It literally just melts into your skin (well mine at least! Don't forget, everyone's skin is different). I use a bunch of Olay products & I have nothing but nice things to say. I love Olay!
I love this Olay product, it's made it so easy to use sunscreen everyday. I came across the Olay UV Defense Regenerating Lotion SPF 15 a few years ago, and haven't looked back. I have acne prone skin, but this sunscreen doesn't feel or look like an oil slick on my face, and it doesn't make me break out... these characteristics are very important to me. Despite the addition of fragrance as the last ingredient in the ingredient list, it's a delicate fragrance, and surprisingly doesn't irritate my skin.  Great UVB *and* UVA protection from the Avobenzone.  I went to Hawaii with this sunscreen in tow, and I came back from the vacation as white as I left (this is a good thing! I'd like to delay skin resurfacing procedures as long as I can!). Highly recommend trying this lotion if you're looking for a sunscreen that won't make your face all shiny.
Like all women have, I've tried the expensive name brand age-defying creams, cleansers, lotions, etc., but NONE of them have produce any results except the Olay Regenerist line.  I wear this Enhancing Lotion with UV protection every day under my makeup, and alone when I don't wear makeup.  It's great for any kind of skin, and especially sensitive or for people with allergies like myself.  The wrinkles are less noticeable, and that's something that I could NOT say about the Estee Lauder and Clinique lines that I used for so long; I got tired of paying so much money for NO results!Ladies, once you start using this line of Olay's, you will never go back to the department stores.
I bought this product based on a BBC documentary about products that really work in reducing fine lines. Thankfully I have few lines, but figured it was good to get on top of the game, and I also liked the fact that it offered UV protection which is the number one reason for getting lines in the first place.I like the way it dispenses and feels on my skin at first, but I noticed that it does not get absorbed quickly enough for me. I consistently sweat the stuff off after applying it. I think it's just too greasy and thick for me. I usually have dry skin, so you would think it would be perfect, ...I will finish what I have of it and then go back to my Boots No.7 Protect & Perfect.
I used this to help bathe my mom who was sick in the hospital. She was in the final stages of lung cancer. She could barely walk, talk, or move. Just standing was difficult, so going to the bathroom to shower was out of the question. She stayed in the hospital for around 3 weeks. I just put this solution into a tub of water and gently wiped her body every other day. The smell was calming and not intense. It did not leave a residue or stickiness. I also bought the no rinse shampoo.
I love the 60 second instant heat-up & that it has 30 temperature settings. At first, I had a little problem with a ridge from the clip, but with some practice I was able to adjust the angle of the iron in order to eliminate that. Now, I get nice smooth curls.The only real problem I can see is that the heat setting dial is in a bad location. With every curl, my thumb would accidentally change the dial. I had to make sure, after each curl, to check the number on the dial. That's not so hard to do for the price!
I've purchased a number of curling irons over the years, at various prices. The Conair Satin Finish 1-Inch Ceramic Curling Iron is a tremendous bargain. The ceramic finish allows me to put some strategic curl in my hair after blowing dry, without having my hair be damaged by sticking to the surface and overheating. The clamp holds securely enough to work on thin sections without slipping.This iron offers great convenience of use, safety features, and even imparts a wonderful shine to your hair. You can pay more for an iron, but it will be hard to match all these features at this great price, and I will definitely buy a second one in a different size.
This curling iron is perfect for creating big, soft waves on my shoulder length hair. You can adjust the heat settings and get it pretty hot if you have harder to curl hair. I really like how it smoothes out the frizzies as it curls, so my hair is wavy and smooth.  Because the barrel is so big, the curls aren't tight at all and I like that for a more casual look.  I'm really happy because it gives me nice hair without looking overly "fixed."
Why I have bought this curling iron twice now.  I broke my first the other day trying to cool it off fast with water.  This curling iron is awesome because it has a long shaft so you can fit a good amount of hair in it if you want, it's got a big enough tip so that your fingers don't get burned, the heat setting can be as hot as hot can be for a quick curl, IT's PURPLE, it will turn off automaticly if left on by accident, but not so soon that you find yourself with a cold rod, it comes with a heat resistant cover so that if you must leave it cool, you can cover it so it won't burn anything, lastly my hair NEVER gets caught in the handle like it will with some others  The ONLY complaint, which isn't that big of a deal, I wish the cord was a little bit longer. =) This is a great buy!!!
I am very impressed with the results which happened after taking this just one week. After doing some research about safe methods to reduce hot flashes, I came upon this product. There are many studies done mostly in Europe, and they are very positive. I had 5 to 6 hot flashes every night, robbing me of a good night sleep. Now I have maybe 1 hot flash every 3-4 nights. This really worked for me. I will be taking this for a very long time. Studies also show that this supplement helps retain bone density, and helps with mood swings.
I don't even know how to express how excited I am to have found this product.  I was having flashes at least 6 times a day and night sweats as well as being a bit on the mean and moody side, but I am symptom free now and have been for at least a month now.  I do use a progesterone (natural) creme too, but it never worked as well alone as it works with the promensil.  The promensil my be just enough too, but I don't dare change anything now that I am &#34;me&#34; again!  Give this a shot, you will be quite happy!
Bought this for my 2 yr old daughter. She loves brushing her teeth at the same time i do mine. She was not too sure about the taste of this toothpaste. The previous gel we used was kind of sweet, she got used to it. She thought this was different and was cautious for the first few times. The gel is minty to taste and leave nice minty breath. It is child safe as it doesn't have harmful stuff like fluoride. Surely worth a try if you're looking for a new tooth gel for your little ones.
The flavor is nice. My daughter seems to like it, and I personally tasted it and enjoyed it. The texture is off, however. Its too thick compared to the kids toothpastes we're used to. It might just be me, but its pretty hard to get it evenly distributed on my daughter's teeth.It'd be nice to see a flip top lid, as well. The current lid is a screw off lid (with a metal tub! I haven't seen that since the early 80's!) and its just kind of hard to juggle an ornery, hyper kid and load a toothbrush while having to screw off a lid at the same time. Its a minor complaint, I know, but its important to me.
Prior to knowing better, I subjected my poor baby to conventional baby toothpastes.  She hated them and she'd gag when I brushed her teeth.  Not only that, I can't believe some of the ingredients that the popular companies use in their toothpastes.  I actually hadn't heard of this brand until I was researching safe products on the EWG Skin Deep website.  This toothpaste was rated as the safest of children's toothpastes.Not only am I very happy with the ingredients and tooth-cleaning ability of this product, I'm also happy that my toddler LOVES this stuff.  Seriously - I almost dread brushing her teeth at night because she throws a tantrum every time we're finished.  She loves brushing her teeth more than those Cyndi Lauper sound-alike Sesame Street Muppets did back in the '80s.
My wife and I recently stayed in a hotel that had a wall mounted mirror in the bathroom. We quickly realized how nice it would be to have one at home in our bathroom. I found this mirror, read the reviews, and made the purchase. We could not be any happier! I use it to shave and my wife loves it for doing her makeup.+ Simple to Install+ Easily Folds Out+ Retains Any Position+ Very Clear Image+ Two Sides+ Easily Rotates+ Flush Against Wall Saving Space+ Price_Bottom Line_ Yes, I would recommend this wall mounted bathroom mirror. I have had it for several weeks and love it. Previously I used a hand mirror with a stand...not anymore! This is a simple upgrade to the bathroom that is really nice to have. I recommend holding it up to the wall where you plan to put it first. I had to move it down because I put it up too high. Great product. Easy 5 stars.
I bought this after I moved into an apt with a mirror that was pretty far from the sink and did not fold out. I would have to lean really close to the mirror to make sure I didn't miss a spot shaving.The mirror was easy to install and shouldn't leave to much damage. (usual screw holes). Used a low power drill.The arm for the mirror is sturdy and easily folds in and out and stays in place.Both mirrors work well. The magnifiedmirror is perfect.Only negative I have come across is that, like almost any mirror, it doesn't clean that well. Windex eventually does the job, but does seem a little tougher than usual.
I bought several of these and installed them in the rooms at our bed and breakfast. As I don't wear make up it never occurred to me that women would like to see their pores expanded to such an alarming size. In any case, the mirror has two sides, one with a normal reflection and one 5X. It is easy to flip from side to side. I wall-mounted them in a matter of minutes and they telescope out and tilt so people of varying heights can easily adjust them. Nice, clean design and good for the purpose they serve.
I decided I was done with expensive, fragranced moisturizers I could only find at the department stores.  This body moisturizer smells nice and gives a nice glow to the skin without being greasy.  Application feels very luxurious and I wondered whether it would be too emollient but it soaks into the skin nicely while leaving a moist appearance to the skin which lasts pretty much all day.  Some moisturizers I could feel sitting on my skin all day - even once I'd get into bed at night, like I had a layer of plastic coating on my skin but Aveeno Creamy Moisturizing Oil seems to be perfect.  Usually, I don't get through one bottle of any product before I move on, however, I just purchased my third bottle of this.  I think it's a keeper!
I buy this product for my spouse, who favors it over the Aveeno Lotion Moisturizer. He says that this product stays on with his hydrocortisone cream.He says that the product keeps his hands from drying out and it doesn't easily wash off. Contrary to what I thought, it doesn't leave an oily residue. I prefer to buy it online, as not many local stores stock it. I received the product within the time promised and in excellent condition. I will continue to purchase this product as long as my spouse uses it. I recommend this moisturizing oil to anyone needing long-lasting skin moisture.
I have 3 cats and one little shihtzu that is piddle pad trained so I wash my hands dozens of times throughout the day.  They get so dry that they crack and hurt so I was looking for a good hand cream that didn't feel heavy or leave a greasy feeling.  Hard to find one that does all that, but this one is perfect!  It absorbs right in and feels so light, yet leaves my hands feeling so soft.  When I first used it, my knuckles were actually so cracked they were bleeding and that cleared up in one day of use.  It has an amazing scent as well that make it a total winner.  I just ordered another bottle to have in my kitchen.  Love it.  Totally satisfied with price as well because I have paid much more for a good cream.
This product is hard to find on shelves in my area, on the rare occasion I or my mom would see it we would buy up like 3 bottles at a time. I have just started buying it on Amazon instead. I love that it absorbs quickly and doesn't leave my hands greasy (I HATE having greasy hands) but still leaves my hands feeling soft and moisturized. The scent is light and pleasant, similar to the scent of the other aveeno products. I'll also use it on my legs after shaving and on any other dry/itchy patches I might have on my skin and the oatmeal in it really does seem to help calm the itching.
I started using Aveeno Active Naturals Creamy Moisturizing Oil last winter after my skin dried out. I tried several lotions, but nothing seemed to help. I tried this one and was amazed by how much softer my skin felt. It kept it from drying out and took care of the peeling I was experiencing. I also love the scent. I continued to use it all year long, even in the summer. I have a feeling the dry winter air won't bother my skin this year as long as I keep using this lotion. It's definitely my favorite lotion. I also recommended it to my own mother, and she loves it as well.
My baby has mild eczema so I bath her with Cetaphil, followed by Aveeno bath oil, and then slather on Cetaphil cream.  The bath oil is on the runny side so it doesn't take much volume to cover her body while wet. The instructions say to lightly rinse off the excess oil after applying. I scoop water into my hand and gently pour it over her but it still feels like most of it is gone after the rinse.  I can't say I see a remarkable difference in whether I use this as part of her bath ritual or not. It certainly does not replace the need to slather on lotion after bathing. Regardless, it smells really pleasant and does seem to leave her skin a bit softer afterward so I will keep using it.
During the winter months I take a lot of baths, which can leave my skin dry. I already useAveeno Active Naturals Daily Moisturizing Lotionbecause they work well on my skin and I decided that it would be worth it to try their bath products. I orderedAveenos Active Naturals Stress Relief Foaming Bathsimply because of the name; who doesn't need some stress relief?The scent is nice without being overpowering and it made lots and lots of bubbles which is a must for me. It left my skin feeling soft afterwards and overall I liked it.  The only downfall is the price and only because I tend to use more than is probably recommended so the bottle doesn't last as long as I would like.
I have the driest skin... plus I live in the south and get too much sun.  I started using this lotion at the suggestion of my daughter who insisted that the colloidal oatmeal was the key for her skin.  So, I found Aveeno's version and LOVE this stuff!  My skin absorbs it like no other lotion and it helps keep it smooth and soft.  I'm 59 yrs. old and never expected to have this happen at this point.  I get this every two months from Amazon and love it much better than the over-perfumed lotions at Bath & Body and shops like that, plus it's a better deal.
The product name "Stress Relief Body Wash" says it all. This wonderful product, put out by Aveeno, does the job. Made with wonderful ingredients, like lavender, chamomile and ylang-ylang, you feel the stress of the day melt off of your body. Its special soap free formula gets the job done, in addition to the wonderful addition of oatmeal, as a base. It smells heavenly, without being tacky or overly perfumed. Please use this if you need a lift, or, simply a release from day-to-day pressure. This is good as a companion item to any shower in America......
I USUALLY DON'T SHOUT IN MY REVIEWS BUT THIS IS SERIOUSLY THE BEST STUFF ON EARTH!Okay seriously though, I've used this stuff for around 5 years now and my skin has never felt better. The lotion is light yet tough enough to deal with almost any skin condition, especially dry skin. I have mild acne and it doesn't cause additional breakouts. The scent is amazing and I wouldn't be surprised if that was the &#34;stress relief&#34; part of it.I also use this after shaving, peels, Retin-A, etc. This heals your skin within hours. A 12-ounce bottle lasts 6-8 months. I used to be a Vaseline junkie, and I still like their products, but nothing beats this lotion. NOTHING.
The Colloidal Oatmeal in the Aveeno Products is the reason I keep buying them, even if I'm not overly excited about smoothing petrolatum over my skin.I wish these products were all natural. I have noticed the oatmeal has a calming effect on my skin and the addition of Lavender, Chamomile and Ylang-Ylang is emotionally healing.The minute you put this cream on your skin, you can feel the difference. Your skin becomes calm, soothed and smooth and silky. Perfect for after a shower or during the day when you need a calming moment.~The Rebecca Review
I have to give this lotion five stars because it's the only body lotion that I've found is gentle enough to also use on my face and neck. I put it on at night and after showers, and it's kept my skin in great shape (no breaking out like I usually do from other body lotions). It's light but still moisturizing, and isn't like other body lotions that are heavy with scent or feel too thick to slather on your cheeks. This is my go-to lotion for everywhere: the gaps between your toes, behind your ears, and your elbows. It'll moisturize everything just the right amount.Be warned: there is a scent! It's not too strong, but if you prefer hypoallergenic lotions, this may not be for you.When I say it moisturizes everywhere, I mean to say it's a daily moisturizer. Don't expect this to heal your puffy eyes or hydrate your chapped winter skin.
Item: Double Extend MascaraBrand: L'Oreal9 times out of 10 L'Oreal makes a smash hit product I would use over and over again, this is an item in the 1 out of 10. It didn't work very well, it didn't feel good, and it was pricey for not working so well.Positives-Easy to Open (Unless Crushed Over)Negatives-Crushes If Not Shut Super Tight and Cleaned Closer-Heavy and You Can Feel It-Clumps-Makes Lashes Stick in Big Clumps You Can't Get Apart-Hard to Wash Off, Even With Eye Makeup Remover-The White Doesn't Always Cover With the Black-To Thick a Brush-Gets Old and Crusty To Quickly
My experience was not like any the reviews I read. The packaging, the product - it all came the way it was supposed to. New. It only took a little over a week for it to be clumpy and gunk up my lashes. After wearing it all day I would have super cute dark rings under eyes. So obviously it couldn't even stay put. After a few weeks of daily use its almost gone. I only paid maybe nine dollars, but I was hoping for something better. I'm not sure what it would take for me to try it again. Overall , this mascara was a stinker.
I bought all this soap when I bought an infrared sauna.  The medical labs recommend that you use a glycerin soap like this or Black soap to clean the toxic waste off your skin that sweat brings to the surface.  I used this soap when I was a teen and remembered its scent--which I like.  The soap is a bit drying so I have to moisturize with pure almond oil afterwards.  I did find raw Black African soap from Ghana that I like better--no petrol or chemicals in it.  And, it does not dry like this soap does.  I bought it from a site on Amazon and frankly, I like the Black soap the best.  Four stars because it dries the skin--but if you are very oily you might need that!
Neutrogena transparent facial bar soap is such a wonderful soap, and it lasts a looooong time. I use this with my Clarisonic and it works wonders! With other soaps my face would dry out, but this soap leaves the moisture in your skin. A little bit will go a long way with this soap since it lathers so well. I rub my Clarisonic on it a few times, and the lather is amazing! It is also great for removing makeup. I rinse my face with hot water, grab this bar, rub it between my hands a few times, then rub the lather on my face and massage it all around. I only have to do that once to get all of my make up off. With other soaps I have to lather and rinse nearly 5 times before all of my makeup will come off. Neutrogena is amazing, I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great facial bar soap or even just a soap to remove makeup. Oh! and it smells wonderful!
The first time I saw this, I was like what?  Udder cream?  Really?But, all kidding aside, this is a very good lotion and I have bought it and used it for years and also given it as a gift.  Its actually pretty funny to give to someone who has never heard of it and then watch their double-take when they see the name.I prefer this size so that I can take it with me on trips and keep some in my purse.It doesn't go on as thick as some lotions, but works into your skin really well and keeps it moisturized.  Really great for the winter or if you work with paper or someplace where you have to wash your hands a lot.
The tops of my hands suffer with multiple hand washings per day. They get so dry that they crack over the knuckles and none of the creams my dermatologist suggested helped much.  They were thick and oily, but they didn't seem to penetrate deeply enough to help. They simply rubbed off and my chapped knuckles were just as dry underneath.Udderly smooth penetrates really well. It penetrates fully in just a few seconds, even when you apply a thick layer. It dries to a silky finish rather than a greasy one or a silicone-coated sticky feeling (like "Working Hands" does).The only thing I don't like is the fragrance, which is like baby powder, but fairly strong. It would be better unscented, for sure. When I want fragrance, I use my perfume - and I prefer my lotion not to interfere with the scent.
As the designated dishwasher in my household (I suppose that this is because no one has the mental or physical capacity to pour soap on a sponge and rub the dish and rinse it...I guess you can say I'm a bit hostile about that.) my hands go through a lot.  I've used several different lotions, creams, special soaps etc. to help keep my hands from drying out, but they either don't work or the products are too greasy feeling.  Not Udderly Smooth.  Udderly Smooth is perfect for my hands.  The scent is not over powering and a little goes a long way.  Also, it soaks in quickly and does not leave your hands with that gross, greasy feeling.  An extra perk, the price.  The quality of Udderly Smooth is amazing compared to other lotions I've paid $15 for...you just can't beat it! If you have dishpan hands, this is for you!
I was told about this incredible cream by my brother-in-law MANY years ago. As a contractor, his hands are often chapped and dry and, as a man, he HATES putting on any type of cream. This one is different, he said, because it works, period!!!  It has a slight, very pleasant fragrance and absorbs quickly.  I tried it then and there and have used it ever since because it works. I carry this tube size when I travel, but also love the large tub it comes in for home. It goes on smoothly, absorbs super fast, and stays on well. I use it in my hands and feet. Absolutely LOVE this product and will always use it.
I bought this to use in my hair but also use it on my skin as well. It has no smell that I can decern. It arrived cloudy and semi-solid. My first thought was that the stuff was defective After looking this up online, it turns out that is normal when it is below room temperature (it was a cold day). Just holding the bottle in my hand made it turn to an oil again.When my hair was a little longer, I would sometimes use a couple of drops in it to a little more manageable and give it that feel of not having been washed for a day or so. I'd imagine that using more would make a nice treatment for hair if you weren't going anywhere and could wash it out later.After getting my hair cut short I started trying it on my skin, and it makes a really nice, non greasy moisturizer. A little goes a long way.
I have had acne since childhood and have tried almost every product under the sun to get rid of it. My sensitive skin transitioned to combination and was constantly red from all the products so finally I had had enough. This oil is amazing! A few drops covers my entire face as a moisturizer in the morning or can be blended with a moisturizer for a boost. It is lightweight and doesn't feel oily on.  I have left all my old harsh products behind and am using all natural now. I wish I would have done this years ago!
This is my first time experimenting with jojoba oil and I really love it. This oil moisturizes my skin and scalp without feeling heavy or greasy. It absorbs really quickly and I'm comforted to know that it is USDA organic. My skin also remains moisturized all day after putting this product on in the morning. I am very sensitive to product odors and this oil carries a very very slight smell. However, it is not offensive at all and disappears after applying the product. I would definitely purchase this product again and recommend it to others.
I you love bathing in oil like I do, you'll love this one. This one leaves you with a very luxurious, silky feel. I massage it onto my scalp, my hair... unlike Castor Oil, coconut oil, olive oil or almond oil or any other one I've used, this one's lighter. You can easily remove it with shampoo.I massage it all throughout my face (never clogged pores), my body (unlike coconut oil, I hope this one doesn't grow hair. Yes, if you like your hair on your scalp or anywhere else to thicken or to grow, use coconut oil)This acts as a wonderful conditioner for the hair. It's natural, it's organic, it's inexpensive, I love this oil.
i have thick frizzy red hair, this bottle of jojoba oil has replaced every high end pricy hair product i have ever owned!! (and i've tried them all..) i use it in my hair while still wet & let air dry.  my hair is super silky soft.  cant beat it.  also, in my 3rd trimester of pregnacy i use it on my belly as an anti itch oil.  works great.  definatly reccommend if you have dry skin or hair.  you will find no better oil than this especially at this price :)
I had difficult skin for many years before trying jojoba oil. This stuff is absolutely amazing, year round. Perfect for summer, winter, and every day. It's light, non-greasy, and leaves my skin feeling fresh and moist without any residue. I use it every day after I shower and it's the only thing that doesn't make me break out. It's also remarkably inexpensive, long-lasting, scentless, and natural. Highly recommended for anyone with skin issues or as a general purpose moisturizer for those with healthy skin.
I bought this to use in homemade body butter because I wanted the butter to be good for hands and nails too.  It works great with the body butter and I had enough left over to use straight on my nails.  I really like it and I think it is helping with the peeling on my nails.  It is a little early to really determine that but I have noticed less peeling lately.  The only change is the body butter and the jojoba oil so I suspect it has played a part in healthier nails.
I used to break out in boils and get rashes underneath my breasts due to the hot humid weather in Florida.  I use this tea tree creme daily underneath my breasts and it helps keep my skin free from rashes and boils.  I used to have a reoccurring chronic problem with boils and the prescription medicines never completely cured my boil problem.  I started using this creme and I now have been boil free for over a year due to this product.  I highly recommend this product for boils and rashes.
I do not use after shave and instead opt to use this product. It seems to help with moisture, any cuts, doesn't sting, helps with breakouts, etc. It really is a great product but it does have that tea tree smell that does NOT really disappear. I get whiffs of it off/on during the entire day. I hardly doubt that others will smell it unless they're licking your cheek but you will be able to smell it. I'd rather have great skin with a medicinal scent that isn't all that bad!! This is great product at a very reasonable price!
This kept the Tinea Versicolcor at bay more so than eradicating it. I do think that combined with prescribed products this aided tremendously in my finally getting rid of the skin discoloration. The only setback is the smell. It may have been that my PH just didn't mesh well with it, but it had a strong medicinal smell that forced me to use it only before bed, instead of during the day as I would have liked.Despite the smell I am likely going to be purchasing this again if I notice the discoloration is rearing its ugly head again.
makes my face more oily and the smell of tea tree is horrible. Didn't help much on pimples but it did excellent on my skin tag, yehey. I just soak my skin tag with a dot of the cream and cover it w/ bandage overnight. I did it for I think 3-4consecutive days then after that, the skin tag became painful and turned black. I tried to pull it but it's very painful so I left it. THe following day, it fell off by itself, and it's gone, THank God!!
To begin let me tell your that I am 29 years old, but I never took care of my skin when I was younger; I was involved in sports and never used sunscreen or any moisturizer and let me tell you that all that was reflected on my face.  My skin is difficult (I have mild wrinkles, my skin is losing up and some parts of my face are oily while others are dried).  Before I tried this serum nothing worked very well on my face.  I tried every product that you can imagine(even derma e that has great reviews) without seeing results.  Now I am so excited to see what this serum is doing to my face.  This serum sure does ALL what it promises:regenerates skin,makes it glow of youth, not greasy, and mildly restores elasticity.  I saw results on my first application.  Oh, and the microdermabrasion and peel kit system is exellent too. I highly recommend this product!
I've been an Olay user for almost 10 years now, and swear by this brand. In fact, this is the only brand that hydrates my super fussy sensitive/oily skin without making it breakout or leaving it too dry.I used this serum for a week, once a day around my nose area, eyes, laugh lines and frown lines, and put my regular total effects moisturizer over it. It didn't feel greasy, but the areas I put the serum definitely looked greasy, I had to dab extra powder. After a few days, I noticed I was getting breakouts in the areas I put the serum. Too bad, the serum feels good going on, and feels good staying on.So I'm using it just around my eyes for now. If you have oily/acne prone skin, you may want to stay away from this.
My skin has changed so much as I get older and I knew I needed a serum.  I've used Olay's products in the past and this one the company said on the box they have improved it.  This cost less than in the stores for me.  It's been over two weeks and already my face and neck is doing better.  My skin's smoother looking and feels smooth.  I am waiting to see if it helps with fine lines, even out my skin tone and whatever else it claims it can do.  I just follow what it says on the box.  AND it's fragrance free!  Since I can't spend $50 or more on the department store versions right now, I can fall back on this brand for sure!
I've been using Borghese/Kirkland face serum for a few years and love it.  I decided to try the Regenerist products and purchased the eye serum, face serum and daily moisturizer.  I read all of the positive reviews about the face serum but wasn't expecting it to be any better than the Borghese/Kirkland.  I'm pleasantly surprised.  It has a similar gel-like consistency but seems to absorb more quickly.  For that reason, it feels lighter on my skin.  I guess I'm a convert.
I have very, VERY breakout-prone skin, and this serum has yet to cause any problems for me. It's smooth and light, and I feel like my skin has looked smoother since I've started using it. I don't think it's made much of a difference for any marks or blemishes on my skin, but the texture of my skin looks better now. With the warmer weather, I've been using it alone (without any other moisturizer) at night and it's doing a great job on its own of keeping my skin moist.
I purchased this after reading positive reviews on reputable product review site Cosmetic Cop.Pros: Effective ingredients (niacinamide & peptide are the star ingredients of anti-aging), affordable price tag, fragrance free, decent packaging.Cons: Sits on top of my skin, feels very silicone-y and sure enough it broke me out a fair amount.I'm typically ill tolerated by products with higher composition of silicone, other silicone-heavy products that broke me out are Smashbox primer & most Giorgio Armani foundations. This serum congested my skin congested & broke out at areas where I usually don't. I looked back at the reviewers who gave low rating to this serum & unsurprisingly, a good portion of them said that it broke them out as well.My skin was normal again after switching back to (my favorite) Caudalie Vinosource SOS serum.I'd love an affordable & high performance serum, too bad this isn't it.
I am a very loyal costumer of olay.  I buy all their products and I have had great results.  I have combination skin which is somewhat sensitive and so I can't use alot of products out there and not many of the products out there work for me.  Olay is reliable, gentle, effective and alittle goes a long way.  I will definitely continue using olay regenerist and I would recommend this to anyone in need of a fragrance free moisturize for sensitive combination skin.Update:it also works to reduce aging signs at the back of my hand.  It softens my hands and reduces age lines.
Just another rip-off as it does nothing good at all. I used it faithfully for weeks, both with a night cream as well, and take two showers or baths per day to keep everything clean and moisturized. I think people that say it works well, are those that see what they WANT to SEE and nothing more. The tiny, tiny little bit of good that happens if any, is the same that can be accomplished with any moisturizer, and not the expensive stuff that delivers nothing THE ONLY THING THAT DISAPPEARS HERE IS OUR CASH AND NOTHING MORE.
I tried this when it first came out and was impressed. I have used it ever since. It does seem to even out skin tone and keep facial lines to a minimum. My face also seems soft yet firmer and &#34;hitting 50&#34; (latter part of last month) wasn't as bad as I thought it would be at 30. With the help of this product I don't even think I'm ready for the next step in the Olay treatment line; Pro-X I believe it is. Maybe in a few years &#60;grin&#62;. I use twice a day, in the morning then once again after washing my face in the evening, and I am very pleased with the results. Amazon service is just wonderful and the price beats Costco and any other retail store I have seen. Thanks to Olay for a great product and Amazon for the on time, always in perfect condition delivery.
I have very sensitive skin and have used Babor products for a number of years.  They have made my skin better at 63 then when I was 43 or even 33. While those products are expensive and long lasting, they give awesome results. After reading recent reviews,  I decided to try this one as I am on a strict budget for a few months.  I would consider this average.  It absorbs very quickly and does make my skin look good.  I have no breakouts after using it for about a week.  The one thing I am not too keen on is that it contains silicone and I try to stay away from it.  Other than that I would recommend it for the results you may get.  It is definitely worth a try.
Years ago, when wrinkle development bothered me, I researched and decided on Olay daily serum. Been getting regularly via Subscribe and Save, which helps w/cost and convenience.My skin is 60+ yrs old and sensitive. Stuff I've used in the past suddenly causes skin reactions, but NOT the Olay Daily Serum. It' goes on smoothly, takes only a few 'squirts' for complete face/neck coverage. No smell, and after about 10 minutes of soaking in, ready for makeup, if needed.There is no sun protection w/this, so if that's a concern, it's not for you. Also, if you're looking for wrinkle reduction, there's better but more expensive. Wrinkles are a fact of life, so my reaction to them was easier/cheaper to adjust than continuing a fruitless search for the perfect serum.
I love this serum. It keeps your skin feeling soft and silky. I have been using this serum for several years and would hate to be without it. I prefer the fragrance free serum but have had no problems using the regular scented formula. A little goes a long way and I would say the bottle last close to a month using it once to twice a day. I have tried expensive formulas from the makeup counters of department stores and have never found a moisturizer that was better. It reminds me of a product that was out years ago named, Stop Signs, it was $80 a bottle back in the 1990s and this product is just as good at a lot better price. I plan to keep using this product and hope Olay keeps it on the market!
I will not say this is a miracle cream, I have always had younger looking skin and wrinkle remover is not something I need. But as a light moisturizer this product is great. My skin feels very soft and a little goes a very long way! In the winter I get very dry patches of skin on my chest and jaw line this cream has helped it immensely before I was having to go to the doctor who was giving me creams used to treat moderate psoriasis but this works just as well and  is much cheaper than the prescription.
I've been using this serum for years. It does what it claims: regenerates my skin! I first got to know it via a sample I received. As soon as I put the serum on my face, my skin instantly felt soft and smooth. After a few days of use, my skin continued to stay soft and smooth. When my sample was used up, I noticed my skin became not that smooth again, so I knew it was this serum that did the magic. Then I went to purchase this serum ASAP. I don't have sensitive skin, but I prefer the fragrance free one since I believe less fragrance, less irritation. I've been using it every night before bed, and never stop using it ever since! Sometimes I use it on my body skin, i.e. hands, elbows and knees, to keep them soft as well. The product has done a great job keeping up its quality over the years. Highly recommended!
I live in a climate where humidity of 10% or less is not uncommon.  The skin really suffers but using this product has put an end to the dryness on my face.  I faithfully use it daily (sometimes both morning and night) and it makes my skin feel hydrated, plump and velvety.  I have been using it for many years and it has kept my skin looking fresh and not aging like I am sure it would if I hadn't used it.  I have even taken some to my mother-in-law (in England) and she loved it, too.  You will not be disappointed with this regenerating serum--it is the best thing you can buy without a prescription!
I had originally been sent a sample of this serum through the mail. I used it one night without thinking it would do much-- I was wrong. I am 23 and I am starting to notice my skin look a little dry, not quite as tight, and just not what it used to. This made my skin feel so soft and smooth and tight in the morning. I will definitely continue to use this--hopefully this will prevent my aging as I go into my late 20s and 30s. I'm not sure how this works for older ladies-- hopefully you can read the other reviews for that. This is pretty reasonably priced and it lasts a good time for me.
The product's good, so I set up an Subscribe & Save for ir, as well as the Regenerist Eye. But it seems that every time I add some other item to my cart, I get a message telling me that the price of these two items has INCREASED since I put them in my cart (on Subscribe & Save).  Today it's already happened... TWICE!  There may be subscribing going on, but the saving part is dwindling to the point that I'm prepared to CANCEL my S&S with Amazon, and just buy it at Costco!
This serum by Olay is wonderful!  It makes my skin look luminous, it has helped my crow's feet, and laugh lines.  It blends in easily, is not greasy at all, and my skin soaks it up. I wear it day and night.  It makes my make up glide on, and helps keep my make up in place.  I really like the way this serum makes my skin feel: hydrated, smooth, soft, but not greasy or oily.  It gives a nice matte finish to my face.  I will use this serum as long as Olay makes it!
I've been looking for a reasonably-priced antioxidant serum, and this is the best drugstore version I've found. As someone with combination skin, I don't generally use a moisturizer, however this product provides all the moisture I need. It has an incredibly lightweight/silky feel on my skin, and dries to a matte finish. I use it on my entire face, specifically around the eye region.The combination of B vitamins and amino-peptides is great for my skin, and I wear it under my sunscreen daily. As a man, I like that the product is fragrance-free, and just makes my skin just look &#34;healthy.&#34;
I have been using Olay Regenerist daily regenerating serum for a year and a half now (along with the Regenerist moisturizer and night cream) and I think it has slowed down the aging of my 56-year-old skin. There have been times when I've skipped the Regenerist skin care routine for a few weeks, and my skin looks duller and the fine lines on my upper lip look worse. The price is high, but you don't use much, so the cost per application is reasonable. The Regenerist products last a long time. I'm still on my first 3.4 ounce bottle of the serum. After washing my face, I use toner, then apply the Regenerist serum. By the time I've brushed my teeth, the serum has dried, and I apply either Regenerist moisturizer or Regenerist night cream. Another good thing about these products is the scent. The moisturizer and serum are unscented, and the night cream has a really lovely, mild scent.
I read the detailed report on wrinkle creams done by Consumer Reports.  They tested out all the top wrinkle creams out there.  The result: None produced significant results, but Olay Regenerist was the best.  If you have fine lines and unevenness due to dry skin, then this will help, no doubt, BUT it will not undo your wrinkles.  It's a great moisturizer, but I am concerned about all the synthetic chemical ingredients in this product.  After using this product, I'm switching over to something safer, more natural.
I've loved and used Olay Regenerist for a few years now -- the fragrance and the feel of it on my skin was a daily little luxury.  Recently though, after giving myself a mini-peel to freshen my skin, I found the Olay Regenerist stung a bit when I applied it.  So I gave the fragrance-free version of Olay Regenerist a try and found it was quite soothing to my drying, flaking skin.  I think I'll stick with the fragrance-free version from now on, though I really did like the scent of the regular Olay Regenerist.No matter which one you try, I don't think you can find a better facial moisturizer.
I ordered a handful of different creams to experiment with, and this is the one that I've found least compelling. I've actually gotten up from bed to wash it off as it was burning me. Maybe--- maybe the burning/stinging is somehow a good thing, but it made me nervous (and, of course, hurt a bit!). I've read that retinol is not suggested for people under 40 or maybe 45 and maybe it's just a mismatch between me and the product. Hence, why I was experimenting!
As another reviewer mentioned, this is not a miracle worker - but it sure makes a difference between using it and not using it.I'm early 60's and have been using it about 6 years.  No, it doesn't make me look 45.  But it is wonderful at clarifying my skin and smoothing the texture of my face.  Not greasy or oily, and if you want more hydration, simply layer a moisturizer for that purpose over it.  I use it every day and love its light, velvety finish.  Plus, it beats the heck out of department store brand prices for products very similar in quality.
The first thing I noticed about this moisturizer is how smoothly my foundation went on after using it.  (I used to feel as if my moisturizer and face makeup were too much for my 48 year old face.)  I'm looking forward to the possible fading of age spots in the future with continued use.The price is better than Wal-Mart's if you subscribe and it really is a convenience.  If you run low before you're due for a shipment you can adjust the delivery.  I also subscribed to the eye cream and night cream.
I have been trying lots of these facial products that are sold at CVS/Walmart type stores. So far, Olay and Aveeno are the only brands that consistently work. The effects of this serum are very subtle, but they ARE noticeable. It tends to just soften the look of your skin over all, and while it doesnt affect deep wrinkles, it does help minimize smaller ones. I also have skin that is very prone to break outs, and this has amazingly never caused any! Over all, for me it is definitely worth the money.
I started a new skin regimen recently, retinol cream, AHA 8% cream and this Olay Regenerist Daily Serum, and I'm amazed that I can see a difference already, in a week. My skin is smoother and healthier looking and even a little tighter, altho there is not yet a huge difference in that department. Still, I recommend this as part of your skin care regimen because it seems to give the others a boost. I useOlay Complete All Day UV Moisturizer, SPF 15, Sensitive Skin, 6 Ounce (Pack of 2)every day, as well.
I used some expensive serum that worked very well but I decided to try some cheaper ones to see if they would work the same so I can save some money. Oil of Olay never did anything to my face but since it is an "more expensive" product of this brand so I expect it would be good. Used the whole bottle but nothing happened. Face felt greasy like usual, spots didn't fade away, skin texture has no improvement. In short, nothing happened but not the worst thing I have tried. So I give it a 3 star. I don't think I will buy it again. Will try another brands
I really enjoyed the perfect spiral curls this curling iron made.  It took me a couple tries to finally get it right.  I give it four stars only because it took about double the time it takes me to use a clipless wand, and for some reason even though I had it on the highest heat setting and used hairspray, my spirals became loose waves after a few hours (They were still pretty waves though!).  I will most likely use this as a back up or for special occassions only because it was so time consuming.
I have a lot of thick, long, hair which does not like to stay curled. This has been the first inexpensive curling iron to work on my hair.  It gives me neat sprial curls from top to bottom. I've read some of the other comments regarding a dent that the iron can leave...I've never gotten the dent...maybe its the way they position the iron.I also recommend using Salon Grafix's freezing hairspray if you have difficulty getting your hair to hold a curl.  This has been the only hairspray that holds my hair.The iron heats up quick, it also has the turbo heat option which allows it to heat up in a minute.I would recommend this iron for anyone!
Since I prefer to travel light and still need to carry my neck ties for business meeting, I have always been on the look out for a convenient travel tie case, just functional enough to hold my ties. Then I came across this Travel Tie Case with Accessory Pocket Black Ramie from Household Essentials which can hold up to 6 neck ties. Its padded cushion lining keeps your ties wrinkle free while the elastic straps hold them in place. It comes in black color and is reasonably priced too. The product is just perfectly suited as a household item or a travel accessory.
This bag really surprised me!  I bought it to store my electric toothbrush in because toothbrush holders aren't large enough. I figured I'd have to put it in diagonally because it is so large, but it fits perfectly!  I was able to put a lot of miscellaneous items from under my bathroom sink, so it isn't all cluttered in there anymore. I'm going to get more of these bags to organize the rest of my bathroom items, then probably even some of my other cupboards and closets!  I love it!!!  I am sure it would be great for taking on trips, too, and it's so easy to organize your things in the pocket, so that it all looks good.
I love using pure tea tree oil.  Be warned, too much on your bare skin and it will BURN.  I like to add a tiny drop to a cotton pad moistened with witch hazel after my shower but before applying moisturizer to my face.  I usually wipe down my oily t-zone and maybe my whole face at least once per week.  This provides a nice cooling effect and the smell does not linger, (some mind the scent--I don't.)  Since using the oil in this manner, I have not had breakouts and my skin feels clean and smooth.  You can also add a few drops to your witch hazel and create a nice toner.  I wouldn't go over 5-20% pure tea tree oil.
This is one of the most potent tea tree oil's I've ever used. I use this tea tree oil to kill acne, I take a cotton swab, dip it into the bottle and apply it directly to acne and the acne will disappear within 2-3 days. I also put this tea tree oil in a homemade mouthwash that I make, I mix 1 cap full in a 32oz bottle of water and salt, it winds up being a lot more potent than commercial grade mouthwashes. This tea tree oil is extremely potent, most folks may need to dilute it before applying it to their skin so be careful before applying.PROS:- Very high quality, strongCONS:- None that I can think of.Country of Origin: Australia
I overdid with salicylic acid, and my chin was super dry. I grab small bottle of this oil at Trader Joe`s, used 3 times today, and my skin came back to normal! Blemishes are less visible by far, and my skin is not dry. It`s amazing how fast that works! I was afraid of the smell, but it`s not bad (herbs and menthol). It`s also great with cuts and wounds. I was never interested in essential oils, but I googled the stuff and I`m gonna try the other ones too (like lavender for sleep and relaxation).Do not hesitate!Added later: please dilute this, because I use it in full strength few times a day and I burnt my skin, it was really red and patchy for few days. It all went away, but this is strong oil, and I highly recommend to dilute with water.
desert essence makes so many great tea tree products. i love the pure oil. i use it for my face, as a feminine hygiene product, and as a blemish spot treatment. i NEED this product always it is a crucial cosmetic for me. it is best diluted with water because it is a very strong oil. i find it lasts a long time. just put a cotton ball on top, a quick turn upside down and run a little water on the ball. i'm sure there is an easier way but it works for me. (and honestly i like the burn so i dont always dilute it.) i really bought it at first because it was recommended as an acne treatment, and it was the perfect treatment for acne but there are so many other uses.
Good turban for wet hair! My other turban is getting old and I can't find that one anymore so thought this would be close to the old towel. It is small so better for people with a smaller head size and not a lot of long thick hair. I have small head and shorter thin hair and it is a bit snug for me, the elastic is snug. Seems like a good product it does absorb a lot if water because when I take it off the ycloth seems a lot wetter then my other regular towel turban. I like the button and loop feature stays in place real well.i I just hope after time the elastic loosens a bit.I haven't washed yet, need to remember do not use bleach or fabric softner on these.
I am very happy with this hair wrap. I don't know if it actually reduces my hair drying time. I just like the way it stays on my head so tight. I can get so much more done with wet hair than ever before. I can run up and down the stairs to the laundry room, brush my teeth, put on my makeup, drink my coffee. Could not do that with a regular towel wrapped around my head, that is for sure. I squirt some of my leave in conditioner into my hair before I wrap it (if I remember) and I like the way it feels when I finally take off the wrap. I might have to make this my standard girlfriend gift this holiday season.
I love this hair towel.  It seems silly to have a towel specifically for your hair, but this thing allows me to dry my hair in a nice tight package.  And it definitely pulls more water from my hair than a traditional towel.  I'm buying a couple more for traveling, my gym bag, etc.Regarding the people who complain about the fit, I wonder if twisting it more or less would adjust the fit for your... more twisting and it's going to be tighter, less twisting and it's going to be looser.
I should have known better than to purchase a dish soap that had a high fragrance, I thought this would be a nice change and allow me to actually enjoy washing dishes (no dishwasher) yes it smells great but leaves a bad residue, which you can taste on everything!! It's especially bad with plastic, it soaks up this soap like no other and even when you rinse it a million times, you can still taste it. Awful!! And yeah they're not green, this stuff gots chemicals too, just look it up on ewg.org.
Smells exacty like natural lavender, which is spicy and herbal, versus the overly powerful and too-sweet synthetic/artificial lavender most often used in soaps and perfumes.And that's a good thing.Degreases well, for a mostly natural product, and sudses well, too. Yeah, yeah, I know. Ionic surfactants can clean without suds, but let's face it--tons of suds are cool, I like them, I want them, and any product I use to wash my dishes (along with my hands at the same time) needs to have them. Simply put, I won't buy a dish-cleaning product that lacks them.Decently priced for how much you get and how long it lasts, this is also available priced similarly at my local GE Markt Distr store and at my Tarjay.
I've been using Mrs Meyers Clean Day products for over a year now and love them all.The dishsoap is gentle on my hands. I've tried all of the scents but basil has been my favorite so far.This soap is not a big sudser.  I suggest to refrain from adding more than necessary to get more suds. A little goes a long way. I made this error when I first tried the brand and even though I rinsed my dishes well, I could taste the soap in some of the cups.  I do not recommend tasting it!  However, for cleaning, I give it 5-stars.
So let's face it, the advantage of this product is the scent, pure and simple.  There are many less expensive dish detergents that do the same or even better job but don't have this wonderful lavender aroma that envelops you as you do the dishes.  It takes a chore and makes it just a little bit more pleasant, as the gentle scent of lavender wafts upwards while you scrub dishes.  And then it rinses away, cleanly... 100% gone.  No residue in my experience.If you want a little luxury in your kitchen, try a bottle of this.  Often it's on sale at Marshalls in the home section if you just want to try one bottle before you commit to a case of 6.  But I'm hooked on this stuff!
Like all Mrs. Meyer's products, which make doing chores a little less onerous with their lovely essential oil scents, the dish soap smells great. Basil and radish are my personal faves, though it's hard to pick just one. The dish soap, however, doesn't work up any suds....making it difficult to do the dishes manually without using a ton. And this stuff isn't cheap. So I'll just be sticking to regular Dawn for the dishes, and leave Mrs. Meyer's for the countertop spray and the abrasive cleaner for my bathroom.
This is the dishwashing soap I used most of the time, because the company gets good marks on the Good Guide website for health and environment.  There have apparently been some social controversies around the corporate governance and marketing practices, but the company is still in the top 15% of all companies surveyed.  The lavender scent smells good, and the product gets my dishes clean without killing my hands.  There are a couple of concerning ingredients that can cause contact allergies, but I didn't have issues with them.  There's also a small amount of 1,2-BENZISOTHIAZOLIN-3-ONE, but it's below the threshold believed to cause problems.
I've used this product for several years now, but it isn't working very well lately.  The main problem is that there's very few bubbles and I found I was having to use more and more product to get my dishes and pans clean.  The consistency appears to be the same, but it just doesn't clean.  In fact, this is my main complaint with most all of the Mrs. Meyers products I've used.  They smell nice but don't do much beyond that.  I feel like I'm using a product that was devised for a reniassance home - lots of perfume to cover the bad smells, but no cleaning power.  What a let down.Update: Thanks Christopher Davis for the confirmation that the formula was changed by the manufacturer.  It was pretty good prior to the change.  Not so much so now.  I still stand by my review!
I like Mrs. Meyer's products very much as generally they perform well and are safe to use. Thus far Lavender is my favorite since it smells like a moderate strength lavender;Geranium as it smells like a bushel of real roses (a bit overpowering); and then Basil for its very, very too light floral scent. I thought Snap Pea smelled like cut grass that had been sitting in a closed plastic bag and opened a week later. Although the suds/grease cutting  power is not as strong as Dawn, Mts. Meyer's product is much better than Seventh Generation's or Ecover's dish washing liquid soap. Of course it is also more expensive than the other 2 brands, as all 3 usually have an Amazon coupon offer at one time or another throughout the year.
Mrs. Meyers Geranium Dish soap has a very nice fragrance. Anything that makes cleaning more enjoyable is worth a lot to me. I have not found another product for dishes that does such a good job. I like that a little of it goes a long way and that it's a environmentally friendly product. Ordering from Amazon, by the case of 6 is convenient, a good deal and I don't have to worry about buying dish soap for a long time. This soap seems to last a lot longer than other brands.I've also used the Geranium kitchen cleanser by Mrs. Meyers which smells great and is good for getting rid of ants. I just sprinkle it around my window sills and the ants won't cross the line. It must be the fragrance.
Very disappointed in this soap.  The scent is not "lemony"...it stinks of "old lady powdered perfume".  If you know what I mean by an old powdered scent...you'll know what I mean.  You get this on your hands and you will have to smell it for hours.  It's horrible raising food to your mouth with this "perfume" on your hands.  You can't wash it off either.Besides that, after washing a few cups during the day, I noticed my hands were now chapped and burning.  The detergents in this soap opened the cuticle of my skin on my hands so horribly that they felt like someone had taken sandpaper to them.Absolutely horrible stuff.  Oh, your dishes will smell of this perfume too.  I raised a cup to my mouth to drink coffee and smelled the powdery perfume smell in the cup.  Had to rinse and rinse and rinse.  Never buy again.
The best non-toxic products by far, the honeysuckle fragrance is not available in the stores, it minimizes the chore of doing dishes.  My husband enjoys washing the dishes, because he likes the smell.  We're in the process of demolishing our kitchen, so a dishwasher won't be installed soon enough, but this liquid dish soap cleans, cuts grease, foams well with small drops, plus gives aromatherapy in the kitchen.  Meyer's cost more, but the concentrated product goes a very long way, great value.
In our part of the mid Atlantic, the last warm days of the year have brought out new swarms of brown marmorated stink bugs. Even though we try not to agitate them, efforts to redefine the boundary between human and insect space invariably result in the discharge of the odor that gives them their sobriquet.Clean Day is very effective at cutting the stink bug odor. Its own scent is pleasant without being overpowering.Liquid hand soap may be a commodity item, but your own peace of mind isn't. This is our go-to for eliminating the unfortunate outcomes of human-stink bug encounters!
I bought this hand soap after discovering what a joy Mrs. Meyer's housecleaning products are to use.  I love that the company is truly green, that they don't use animal products, and that there is no harsh chemical smell because they don't use harsh chemicals.  Cleaning, whether your home or yourself, is all about staying healthy and fresh, scent included.  Unfortunately, this new parsley scent smells more of an artificial honeydew perfume, muddled with something unpleasant that I haven't been able to put my finger on.  If pleasant soaps are one of your small joys in life, then this scent is not for you.
Mrs. Meyer's geranium-scented products immediately put me in a good mood.  I love washing my hands with the geranium hand soap, cleaning around the kitchen or mopping the floor with the geranium-scented all-purpose cleanser, and doing dishes (or other cleaning) with the geranium-scented dish soap.  Other than a seasonal peppermint they had a few years back, I haven't found any other scents that I like quite as much.  The geranium scent is a little strong and not particularly manly, so I doubt it would have across-the-board appeal.  But I find it extremely clean, fresh, and unusual, a pleasant mix of floral and clean.  Although it costs a little more than I used to spend on hand soap, it really does make me smile every time I use it.  And that's worth a lot.
I like the entire Mrs. Meyer line since it is environmentally responsible and  does a good job, but this soap is fantastic. I've been using it for a couple of years now. It is gentle to the skin, has this great subtle scent, and is one of the few soaps that can tame the smell of onions after I've been slicing and dicing.The scent is floral yet subtle. It reminds me of a sunny day in my garden.My husband is pretty much anti-scent and avoids anything perfumy or highly scented like the plague, but he thinks this falls under the parameter of gender friendly.I use this primarily in the kitchen and the powder room, but it is good anywhere in the house.
I was very disappointed with this hand soap.  The bottle is really ugly (not great in a guest bathroom) and after a few weeks I couldn't wait to be finished with all of the bottles so that I could replace them with the better designed Method hand soap bottles.I also didn't like how watery the liquid soap was.  We ended up using more soap so even though a bottle was cheaper than other liquid hand soaps it lasted half as long.The scent was so faint you basically won't be able to smell it.Because of the ugly bottle packaging, watery consistency, and lack of aromatic scent I will not be purchasing this bottle again.
I was excited to try this new fragrance from Mrs Meyers since we've used many of her other products.  Parsley?  I thought... what in the world does parsley smell like?  Not sure  this smells like parsley per say, but it has a very nice scent that is not too sweet and smells very fresh and clean.  As a point of reference, I like the geranium and the lemon verbena scents, and really DISLIKE the basil scent as I think it smells too sweet and "perfumey"....This is a great price for these and a really nice product... give it a try, tastes vary, but I like this soap a LOT!
This is without a doubt the best smelling hand soap in the world. The green apple scent smells just like green apple jolly ranchers. You'll want to wash your hands even more, just so you can smell this awesome fragrance. Until i recently discovered the touchless soap dispensers I had this on every sink in my house....and as soon as i figure out the right formula to use this in a touchless dispenser...I'll be right back on the Mrs Meyer's green apple band wangon! LOVE IT!!!!
I wasn't sure what parsley scented liquid hand soap would be like, but I really like Mrs. Meyer's products so I thought it'd give it a try. It's more like a floraly soapy smell with a hint of parsley that gives it a nice freshness. It's different and really nice. I kind of smile when I go to wash my hands with it, and always give them a little sniff afterwards because I like the smell so much. Some scents have been ruined a bit for me because so many products have them (lavender, I'm looking at you) and sometimes have them in a really unnatural smelling way, so I'm glad Mrs. Meyers has come up with some different scents that are actually great.
I love this brand and have been trying all the different products.  I especially love the the hand soap.  The Geranium scent is very strong and very feminine.  You would not want this in your kitchen, I wouldn't think, or anywhere where men would be using it.  The scent reminds me of the talcum powder I used to have when I was young, the kind that came in a box with a puff.  Very floral and powdery.  The scent is strong enough to smell the minute I go in the bathroom, almost like there is potpourri in the room. The soap is not harsh at all and the container is great - you can use every last drop of the soap without having to add water.
I almost bought a different scent, but when i noticed this one included 2 items at the same price that the other was listed just for one bottle i chose this one instead. I hadn't smelled the fragrance prior to purchasing online, but was happy with it. I started using one of those foaming soap pumps to save money. I just used a couple squirts of this soap mixed with some water and i'm happy it will last much longer that a normal bottle of hand soap. I've always been happy with this brand, so i didn't hesitate to buy online and would definitely buy again.
I'm not sure I would call the fragrance, basil, but it has a wonderful herbal smell that I love.  While it isn't overwhelming, the fragrance stays on your hands for a while after you dry them.  I'll probably try the dish soap in the basil next.I've been buying Mrs. Meyers products for several years and love to buy them by the case on Amazon because the price is more reasonable and I don't have to worry about running out for a while.  I've also used the Geranium, Lemon Verbena and Lavender and love them all.You can't go wrong with Mrs. Meyers products and will probably want to try more of their cleaning products after you experience this one.
This soap feels better on my hands that any of the usual store brand I have bought. After using the soap my skin actually feel smoother and healthier than it did before. Sort of like if I put lotion on my hands, but without any residue that lotions normally have. The scent is nice, but not overbearing. The bottle says that the product is an aromatherapy hand soap, but I don't feel the scent is strong enough or last long enough for any sort of mood enhancement or stress relief. Even though the two bottles cost a little more than the store brands, I figure it is worth it. For how much better this soap feels I don't mind my annual hand soap budget going from $10 to $15 dollars.Overall 5 stars for a great product at a great price. I will buy again if the price remains the same.
I hate lotion. It's sticky when you put it on, takes forever to dry (if it dries at all), and many times smell strange, even if it's supposed to be unscented. This oil is a perfect alternative for someone like me who needs to have their skin moisturized, but don't want to deal with all the negatives of lotion. I can barely smell this oil, which is great for my allergies, and it feels like liquid silk going on. I wipe excess water from my skin, then apply this oil, pat dry with a towel and spritz some Yes to Carrots Body Mist all over. My skin simply glows, and it's more moisturized than when I was using lotion. I would recommend this to anyone. You'll be hooked!
My case is extremely dry, sensitive, and has multiple allergies.  I have a terrible time finding body care products that work well without irritating my skin.  Neutrogena comes through again!  This oil smells great (light but pleasant) and has a very light texture.  It does not feel greasy at all.  It absorbs within a minute or two.  I haven't had any "oil stains" on clothes or sheets like I used to get when I used pure coconut oil.  I have never found any other oil or lotion that moisturizes better.  As a side note, if you have keratosis pilaris (those little red chicken skin bumps on your arms or thighs) this is a miracle worker!  Within a few weeks, my skin looks dramatically better.
I have used this product before except I bought it at my hair salon.  That one worked well.  So well, that I decided to buy again except I saw this one online and it was cheaper.  But, this one purchased online got all over my hands as soon as I touched my hair lightly, got on my shirt when I pulled it over my head, dripped down the side of my face when I perspired.  Awful.  Wish I could return it but I didn't pay that much so let's just say its one lesson learned.
This product is so cool. It covers the grey at my temples and around hairline perfectly. The color is perfect for my hair. I color with Nice N Easy Dark Neutral Blonde. It stays until I wash it out, but I reapply every morning even between washes, due to face washing, as I use right along the hairline mostly. There is no scent and the product is like a heavy lipstick or concealer makeup. Will definitely purchase again, but it will be a while, this is a lot of product for a little price and I don't have to use much at all for my needs.
I got this rather quickly after I ordered it and I must say for the price, it's a fabulous product.  It is not too greasy and gave me good coverage until I need to color again.  I did not notice any rub-off on my clothes either so I much appreciate that.  I have black hair so the black blended in quite nicely - no one could tell that I used the stick.  It's also small like a lipstick so I can take it in my purse whenever I need it.  For the price and the gray coverage it provides, you can't go wrong.
I've been using this product for about a month now. I am very happy with the results. I've had some drying/peeling but I got it under control switching to a gentle face foam cleaner (Olay) with a facial loofah pad instead of my Neutrogena soap bar. I have a very oily T-zone with large pores. I'm 44 and have hormonal chin breakouts monthly. Afirm has really smoothed my skin and balanced the color tone very well. Also my pore size is smaller (or less noticeable). I still apply a very light dab of benzoyl peroxide my chin nightly for the breakouts after using Afirm. I also like the fact that you can get the grade that you need and go stronger slowly. I think the price is great compared to most and does the same job.
WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FOR $40+ DOLLARS.  This product is perhaps the greatest I ever used on my chest and back.  It completely cleared up my acne on those parts of my body and kept it clear.  So, as you can imagine, I was pretty upset when I heard it was discontinued.  I never found anything quite like it.  Today, I went to Walgreens and happened to stumble into the face/body wash (essentially acne) area, and saw a tag for this bar!  I was so happy!  I asked the clerk if it was being back into production and she said yes!  If it's not in your local store yet, it should be by the end of this week (September 17, 2011)!  Don't pay $40+ for it, it's coming BACK IN STOCK for around $8.50!
I have tried the 5% and the 10% version of this bar and I would say that it is pretty effective to a degree.  The most I can use this bar is once a day every other day in the colder months and once a day every day in warmer months.  I would describe my skin as sensitive but it is not extremely sensitive like some folks I know.  I have to make sure that I rinse very well so it doesn't bleach my sheets or clothes and follow up with a good moisturizer, depending on the weather.
My dermatologist recommended this soap to me, for my acne.  I have had acne vulgaris and cystic acne for more than 20 years.  I have tried every acne product out there, including ProActiv, and nothing works as good as this soap (especially in conjunction with my acne prescriptions!) I use the PanOxl soap every day, as my dermatologist recommended.  My daughter also uses this soap (and nothing else) to treat her teenage acne.  It clears her up within a day or two - every time!The bar comes in a plastic tray with a lid, so you can keep it dry in the shower. One bar lasts me several months, with daily use. Some people will experience dry skin, and even redness and itching with this product.  This will go away after some use, or you can skip a day here and there.
I have used this product several times through the last 15 years to treat my tinea versicolor.  While in the shower, I simply "shampoo" my skin in the affected areas.  Use more than you think you need to create a rich, thick lather, then let it sit on your skin for 5 minutes while you shave your legs or just soak in the shower.  Then simply rinse it off.  Two to three such applications is enough to completely eradicate my TV and keep it gone for 3-4 years.  No kidding!  When it eventually comes back, I perform this routine again and am TV free for another 3-4 years.  This is the only product I've found that works this quickly and effectively.  It's wonderful!
As of August 2013, Nizoral is once again available through mainstream outlets. The main ingredient, ketoconazole, has been shown to block DHT and, hence, reduce male pattern hair loss.  I wrote to the company to get their opinion and they generically refuse to comment saying the product is not FDA approved for hair loss.If you have access to a journal database via a medical library, you can locate many research studies demonstrating the DHT blocking capabilities of ketoconazole.  This effect is very different from suggestions that other dandruff shampoos reduce hair loss by removing dead skin cells or improving blood flow to the scalp.
My dog had suffered itching for two years he is only 3, my vet insists that he is allergic.We tried all kinds of allergy solutions to no avail. My poor dog suffers terribly.Someone just mentioned yeast infection to me and I ran out and bought this product.I gave him a good long shampoo and he actually liked it.  He smells so good too. I was amazed at the outcome.Normally he would me scratching himself to distraction and I would be sitting here getting all upset for him. Instead he is laying next to my leg snoozing and very happy, he has scratched only about three times since the shampooing.I was not expecting a miracle but this is close enough for me.  I know I will have to shampoo him regularly but that is fine with me as long as he is happy.BTW, I bought this OTC from a local drugstore chain, for $11.49 for 4 oz.
After several love affairs with other well-known lip balms, I wanted something that was actually moisturizing my lips instead of making me feel like I needed to constantly re-apply.  This lip moisturizer is unscented, does not make your lips tingle, is long lasting, and is great on its own or under lipstick. My lips no longer crave lip balm, nor do they have dry spots or cracks.  This is now my go-to balm and I have to buy it in multiples to ensure I have them in my bag, in my car, at work, at my bedside, all over.
I have tried many products in the lip balm category, and most of them have let me down. As a male, I don't care for the usually disgusting fruity varieties. All I want is something that moisturizes, protects, and relieves my lips without being distracting. The Neutrogena Norwegian Forumula Lip Moisturizer does all of the above. It feels very smooth and thin and you forget that you have it on. The SPF 15 is essential for anti-aging too. I recommend buying this lip moisturizer if you want great results without the distractions of the other brands.
This is one of my favourite lip balms.  It really is a very basic one, but it's soothing if they are a little sore, and it really does put moisture back into dry lips.  It's PABA free, and has a good sun block in it so it's great during summer time, but definately in winter when your lips might be dryer, it's a big help.  It goes on smoothly and doesn't clump up which is great.  The one thing I can't understand, is why it's so hard to find in drugstores because it's not discontinued, but just not in big supply.Give it a go if you've been allergic to other brands or if you find other brands too heavy.  This is so good and does a fantastic job.  I really love this one.
Neutrogena lip balm is the same as Chap Stick SPF 15 without the 40% petrolatum. Neutrogena is clear, none tasting, no perfume, no wax, no PABA which is hard to find otherwise it has the same ingredients of Octinoxate and Oxybenzone. It is great when I am mountain biking but not great 1)in real hot weather or 2)surfing in the ocean. For that I use Carmex 15 in the tube since 1)tube is the best to hold in the ingredients when melting 2)nothing offers the protection of the petrolatum in the salty water of the ocean. Carmex is 90% Vaseline+wax but in a small tube with SPF 15.
Confession: I am a long-time devotee to Burts Beeswax Lip Balm (also available on Amazon). When my lips are really dry, though, I reach for this. It sticks around if I put it on at bedtime, so my lips don't crack. I've never had a cold sore, but I sometimes will cut the corners of my mouth shaving; this keeps them from cracking, shortening healing time.There is no flavor to speak of, and no tingle. It's not as greasy as vaseline, not as waxy as most lip balms, and lasts for longer than any other I've found.
The GOOD:-No nasty smell/taste-Coverage lasts a long time-Excellent sun protection-SUPER moisturizingThe BAD:-Low melting pointLet me start by saying, this is the best chapstick I've ever used. Hands down. No questions asked. This stuff rocks!It applies very easily and smoothly. Unlike some others, it's not too thick, but also not too slimy. There is absolutely NO smell or taste, which is preferred by me. I used to apply chapstick about every 45 minutes, but this stuff keeps me covered for hours. It healed my chapped, sunburned lips in about 3 days and has kept them healthy for weeks. No more dry, cracked, chapped lips. The only bad thing is it seems to have a lower melting point than some of the more common chapsticks. It's never completely liquified on me, but if I leave it in the sun, or take it with me on a run it starts to get kinda squishy.Recommended: Absolutely
I have tried my share of lip balms and have a collection of half used sticks that I might as well just throw away since I now plan to only buy Neutrogena's Norwegian Formula lip balm! It feels great when you put it on and the feeling lasts! I like to apply it before I work out and it lasts through a run or other activity where I will breathe through my mouth. Feels good to finally say good-bye to dry, flaky lips :)I also recommend the hand cream by Neutrogena's Norwegian Formula.. it is a great line!
Do you believe in magic? Well, if you don't, try Rezamid and it will make a believer out of you. I'm always amazed at how quickly Rezamid works on my acne. I put it on at night, and notice a reduction in redness and the size of blemishes by morning. I've found that it works better if I tap it on with the tip of my finger, but don't spread it. It ends up being a little blobby, but that doesn't matter when I'm sleeping. If I have a particularly bad breakout, I'll use it during the day, but that usually isn't necessary because it works so quickly at night. It is a bit expensive, but you don't need a lot to make a difference, so this little bottle will last a long time. I've used other products, but none of them work as well as this does.
I bought this along with the DHS Zinc shampoo by advice of my dermatologist.  I have psoriasis and extremely sensitive skin. I can use both with no problems. This product is perfect for the "other day" shampooing. (I like to switch my shampoo and conditioning every other day) This shampoo does the job, cleanses without drying or irritation and that's all I need. I love that it doesn't have any perfumes added. I really hate all those shampoos and conditioners that are so ridiculously overly scented that give me a headache directly out of the shower. Well anyway that enough of my ranting. I just wanted to add a positive post for those of you that are thinking about it but can't make up your mind.  As I said its good for people with sensitivities or that are easily irritated. If you are looking for something high performance shampoo then this may not be the one for you.
Recently my allergies have been out of control, and with my symptoms it has meant that I've been itchy... all over.  Even my scalp has been itchy. So I decided to change shampoos. In particular, I was looking for a shampoo that was free of scent of unnecessary chemicals.Looking through all of Amazon's offerings my eye landed on DHS Clear Shampoo and the good ratings other customers had given it. And after dithering and consideration I went ahead and made my purchase.I'm pretty happy. I've have used it twice now and while I'm still not entirely itch free elsewhere my scalp is no longer irritated.  I credit the lack of perfumes and colorants and other chemical for my present state of happiness.Definitely recommend you try this if you have an irritated scalp. I saw definitely improvement after the second shampoo.  I'll come back and modify the review after I see how it effects my long hair --dries it out or not.
I had never heard of this product before I came across some reviews of top beauty products on makeupalley.com. Folks raved about the power of this little tool. At $47 I was hesitant but decided to ante up. And I am so glad I did.The #11 buffer is an outstanding tool. Used dry, you simple rub it across your feet. Dry skin quickly sheds off leaving a soft smooth surface. I follow the buffing with a good moisturizer and tuck my tootsies in socks. The results are smooth, soft pampered feet!The price may seem high at first, but a pittance when you think of all the money you would have spent on pedicures.The tool is designed to last for years and after use a quick wash with a small soft toothbrush and soap will have it ready for the next use.An excellent value!
I have been using Obagi foaming gel for years and is, by far, the best face cleanser on the market.  It does not dry out your face, but it removes every bit of make-up.  I have tried other brands, but when you follow with a toner, the cotton pad always ends up looking like I never washed my face first.  This product removes all traces of make-up and never dry out your skin.  As long as I use this product daily - I have less break-outs and no dry patches.
This is one of the best face wash ever!!! I had used many brands, many just leave your face with"too much"... slippery...or dry. My skin is combination, dry to normal, this is perfect for me. The smell is wonderful, nice. This product leaves my skin feeling soft and clean. Love it and highly recommend it. The seller is one of the fastest on delivery service, received my product in matter of 2 or 3 days, on standard shipping!!! Got an excellent product.
I originally bought this product from my dermatologist office, and later found it on Amazon for a better price. This is the best facial wash I've ever used. It leaves oily skin clean and smooth without over drying. I will never look for a new product again! I'm very pleased with Obagi products.*update* I still use this wash and love it, but I've given up on the Obagi eye creams. They are nice, but I can't justify the price because they only moisturize my skin, as opposed to the other things they claim to do. But this wash is the best -- time to order more!
THIS WORKS! Years of Horrible Peeling Fingernails Healed. I had tried just about everything over the years, but this actually worked. Followed the directions with clean nails (swab with alcohol to clean well), added one coat per day for 4-5 days, removed and repeated. After about six weeks nails had grown out most of the weak or damaged nails; then used two coats once a week with color polish. I have a vertical split on my right thumb that is slowly improving, but all the other nails are in good shape. Must moisturize 2-3 times a day to keep nails & cuticles healthy. I just use almond oil with lavender oil added.
I first bought this product from my manicurist, just to be polite. She insisted. My nails would chip and she politely insisted that I try this product. OK, OK, I tried them all from the drugstores and was skeptical about this one too. I'd use it as clear nail polish, or so I thought. The effects of this stuff blew me away -- it really, really, really, really works. Really. I noticed my nails looked a lot better -- I was shocked. I usually don't wear polish, and the looks of wearing this alone looked great -- it sort of "wears off" or gets absorbed, so you never have to remove it -- just reapply. I'm active, athletic, and this stuff is awesome.
Hmm I ordered this and received it within three to four days i don't remember.. But anyways, I have been using this product for a week now and haven't seen no changes.. my nails are a little stronger but no different then they were before.. I use to bite my nails like crazy when I was in middle school, but now I'm 20 I don't bite them as often they're just short.. I hope I see progress soon or I'm going to be upset.. that this product was all hype smh..*Update on March 20,2013*I'm going to change my ratings on this to 4 stars because I've been using this product for over a month now, and people have been saying my nails look like they are french tipped! My nails are very strong and if they break it's just a little bit. But I do notice, as soon as remove the nail polish after a day one of my nails break or get real soft. So we'll see what happens...
I didn't even know a product like this existed until it popped up one day on Amazon. I didn't really know what I was going to use it for, but I wanted to give the idea a try. It turns out that now my thigh-high stockings stay up, and oh my gosh- even my below-ankle socks stay on all day! I didn't think that was possible! It's a lot more tricky to get a shirt or a bra-strap to stay up depending on the material and thickness, but it's possible. I love this product.
This product is totally amazing.  It allows me to extend the life of my adhesive bra so I get many more wearings than I would have.I don't like bra straps or strapless bras so i use these adhesive cups. After a few wearings the adhesive wears off.  I apply this adhesive to my skin and the cups adhere  without any pulling or stretching of the skin.  It''s also great for  your tops to keep from revealing too much cleavage.  The price  and the product is great.  I will certainly be purchasing more when I need it.
This is a very useful product that puts an end to perpetually slipping lingerie straps or falling socks, and has many other uses.  I wear trouser or knee socks a lot and even the best seem to lose elasticity, while others never stayed up well.  The resulting wad at my ankles is not attractive.  When a beloved pair, with a color I can no longer find, thus can't replace, begins to fall, I just use this roll on substance to hold the things up, which it does very effectively.  I've also salvaged split or ill-fitting tights for further use by cutting off the legs and holding up the remaining knee-highs with this product.  It works really well.You are completely unaware of the product once applied and it easily washes off from both skin and garment.  The roll on applicator is very easy to use and it lasts a long time.  Highly recommended.
I bought this for a dance number because my leotard kept creeping up and exposing my rear and on one occasion exposed my "kitty."  So I bought this as a last effort to keep my pretty costume.  It worked amazing.  Everything stayed in place.Tips.1.Use it about an inch under the area you wish to keep covered.  For me this meant gluing the leotard to my butt cheek to keep it in place.2.make sure the garment is where it is supposed to be an not taut.  ie. don't try to stretch the fabric and hope this will hold it because it won't hold that well.
As a rule, I stay away from tube tops. They don't stay, they don't make me feel secure and I have always felt they don't look good on me. Enter the ISB adhesive. I was dismayed when I had wear a dreamy tube dress for a friend's wedding as a bridesmaid. A beautiful bird in the gym whispered this product and I am so glad I used it. I used it generously too - for the strapless bra as well as the dress. Danced some in it too and all things were in place at the end of the night :)Both the dress and I are free of any traces of the product. Every woman should have this.
My previous favorite hair regrower potion reduced their percentage of active ingredient so I went to this name brand. I have thinning hair at the hairline, esp on one side. I don't use this as often as recommended, more like a few times a week, and just at night (as its supposed to be contraindicated for women.)My hair is so much fuller, and while it will never be and never has been a lush mane (except in the back!), I am really happy with the regrowth. In fact the side I was concentrating on, which was the sparser side, now is the more filled in side!I hope it doesn't do anything untoward to my system, but in the conservative way I use it, I will take the chance. Vanity prevails.
I STARTED PURCHASING THIS ROGAIN FOR MY HUBBY AFTER HIS GENETIC HAIR LOSS, AND THE HAIR OF HIS CROWN HAS GROWN BACK, AS SOON AS MY HUBBY FORGETS TO USE IT, HE FINDS  LOTS OF HAIRS ON THE PILLOW.I ALSO STARTED DEVELOPING HORMONAL HAIR LOSS AND STARTED USING THIS ROGAIN FOR MEN, WHICH IS STRONGER THAN THE ONE FOR WOMEN WHICH I USED TOO, THE HAIR AROUND MY HAIR LINE IS GROWING SLOWLY, THE ONLY PROBLEM I FIND IS THAT IT CAUSES DANDRUFF ON MY SCALP.i ALSO APPLY ROGAIN ON MY EYEBROWS AND THEY ARE GROWING!!! THE DOWNSIDE, HAIR ON MY FACE SO I HAVE TO BE CAREFUL WHEN I APPLY IT.
My husband likes this product and has been using it for years. The reason I gave it four stars is because the online usage instructions refer to this product as foam, which my husband greatly prefers, but this came in liquid, non-foaming form, so he is disappointed. The liquid tends to run, while the foam stays put.  It would have been nice, if the instructions had not been misleading and I'm sure others would appreciate if the seller would correct this . Otherwise, it is a good product.
This was not easy to use. It's very dark, it sprays out thick and it gets all over your hands if you touch it. Even after it's dry, it's still possible to stain your hands. It's not easy to wash out. Do not sleep with it in. It will stain anything your hair touches. Think of it as hair spray paint that dries kind of chalky. It's similar to charcoal in the way it feels. I don't recommend for daily use only because you must wash it out daily. For women, this dries out our hair. Do not try to work out or sweat and wipe your hair with a white towel. You will regret it (&#62;..&#62;)
I have not given this item three stars because there is any defect in it, but because I had assumed it was a large shampoo comb. My disappointment came from the size of the package and even more disappointed once I removed this comb from the package. If you're expecting a large shower shampoo comb this is not what you're looking for. This seems to appear to be better suited for short hair or a young child's hair. Not suitable for thick curls as from the looks of it , it would not last very long. Again nothing wrong with the product itself, it's just not a large shower comb.
I hate this comb. I have 4C hair that is &#34;natural&#34; that is really thick and longer but still this comb is terrible. It snags and feels like it is going to break with each use. If you are very, very, very careful and slow you have nothing to worry about. So maybe if you are detangling after a good wash or deep condition this might be of some use but for me I don't even use this comb anymore as it pulls out my hair and is big and not sturdy. A well built wide tooth comb would be better, I will not be buying this product again. It is useless and just sits under my sink after I have found my old wide tooth hand comb. Doesn't work well with my daughter's hair either though her curls are not as rough as mine and silkier.
The prongs on this comb are cheap machine made plastic that is actually too sharp and scratchy to the touch to put through hair. Always test a new comb on your hand, and if it scratches your hand then it will cut at your hair strands damaging them. If you have short hair this would be fine because the sharpness is high up in the comb, but for mid back length heavy hair these teeth will absolutely ravage your hair. Sometimes you truly do get what you pay for so I suggest the wenn shower comb instead - it's excellent for thick or fine hair alike and it's extremely well made.
I purchased this product!! I've tried many, many products in hopes something could help my nails grow, stop the tremendous peeling, and breakage right at my quick. This was my last resort and when reading the reviews I really thought to myself, whatever we'll see. I've never seen anything like. It's so amazing that I bought this very brand names polishes and my nails have never looked better!! No more acrylics!! YEEEAAAAH!! I am forever going to by this product and couldn't be happier. - Shelby, GA
My daughter used to pick her lips to the point that they were crusted over with blood every morning. I put this on her nails and told her that it was yucky. The first time she picked her lips she realized that it was the truth and she never picked her lips again. I also used it on the door stoppers that the cat was chewing on, and on the tiny (swallowable) toys that my husband just had to buy my son. He put it in his mouth once, spit it out and complained of how yucky it tasted. I got a bit of this on my finger and realized it later when I licked frosting off of my finger. Its bitter and just yucky.
I got this for my boyfriend, who wants to quit biting his nails.  Because I like to do terrible things to myself (apparently, at least), I put a tiny, tiny dab of this stuff on one of my fingers - not even my finger nail, just a random place on the top joint.What I learned is that, while I may not bite my nails, I put my fingers in my mouth a lot.  At the very least, I put them in my mouth twice within an hour, and let me tell you - I did not put my fingers back in my mouth for the rest of the day, especially because this stuff doesn't just wash off.  I have no doubt that if I put it on my fingers tomorrow, I wouldn't put them in my mouth later that day, either.It's terrible, and since that's the whole point...great job, guys at Mavala.  That was disgusting.
Okay, I have been biting my nails since I was a little kid. Nothing my parents told me stuck and I just kept going until I got into this interesting habit of improving my looks. So, I'm going for my nails now.I have been using this since February and it's doing great. Granted eating finger foods is a little difficult but if you really want long nails then you get past the bitter taste and just eat the food and learn ways to avoid the nails, like a fork! That's what it's for! I have figured that its better to eat fries with a fork any way. No salt left on your fingers.In short, this stuff is amazing. now i just need a strengthener because my nails are a bit weak and have broken once already. Mavala makes a great shiny coat over nail polish too so it looks nice!
I bought a bottle for my daughter (10) and myself to help us to stop bitting out nails.  The flavor to me is bitter, but not a digusting flavor.  It stays on the tongue for apx 10min.  For me, it did help me to stop bitting my nails bc the taste would remind me to get my fingers out of my mouth.For my daughter, she doesn't use it everyday, so it hasn't helped her.....if she used it everyday, I'm sure that it would keep her from biting her nails.  The problem is it has to be applied daily to get that bitter taste effect & she doesn't remember to apply it daily, or just doesn't want to.I do think that the price, $12.00 a bottle ,is a little over priced.
Wow!  I have tried other brands with the flavor trigger to induce vomiting if fingers are put into mouth.  Kidding about vomiting, but the taste seriously lingers for a long time.  It's nasty.  My brain would automatically stop me when I started to nibble.  Usually, when I'm editing my writing on the computer.  Now I will need to purchase a nail hardening system since I can finally see the whites of my nails.  I was never a nail biter until I started this insidious habit 2 years ago.  Before too long, my beautiful, healthy and much longer nails were being nibbled to the quick.  I suggest anyone try it if they just can't stop biting on their own.  Or, for those kids who are too old for thumb sucking.  Wished I known about this while my daughter was growing up.  She actually sucked her thumb through the 4th grade.  Nothing we tried would get her to stop.  Even wearing gloves at night!
I've been biting my nails on and off ever since I can remember. I was always able to stop by myself by just getting my nails done and painting them. But even with that, I would still use my teeth to chap the nail polish from my nails and then eventually would get back to biting.Mavala Stop tastes really bad. Like, really. So even though I have my nails long, I still use it to keep my hands out of my mouth. It's been helping me a lot, but it does bother me that finger foods are pretty much ruined for me right now. Hopefully I'll be able to break the habit soon and not need it anymore.I recommend this product.
My fiance insisted I buy this for his niece as he can not stand the sight of her chewing on her fingers all the time.  She will be going to school soon and we hoped this would stop a bad and nasty habit.  I applied the product several times and she said it did indeed taste horrible.  However, after a few times, she began to bite her nails anyway.  She said it tasted bad but, would often just keep doing it with a disgusted look on her face.  I do believe this product would work for any child that isn't so insanely stubborn.  I think she just needs an attitude adjustment but, she isn't my child lol.
I never thought I would give 5 stars to something that tastes so nasty, but it works.I bit my nails for years and years, but finally kicked the habit when I became a nurse and realized how disgusting a person's hands can be. Unfortunately, I have been stressed lately and started biting again. It's such a gross habit, and I knew I had to quit again. But I just couldn't.In stepped Mavala. It is so disturbingly gross that I have to be careful even when eating things with my fingers to ensure I don't accidentally get any in my mouth. You do get *slightly* used to the taste, but not enough to allow you to want to purposefully put your fingers in your mouth.Works on pets, too! lol. My brother's dogs kept chewing on a corner of a hammock stand. I slathered the stuff on it and the chewing stopped right away. Just a thought.
This worked great! I had not cut my 5 year old nails in at least 2 years as he would eat them down to nothing. He stopped biting his nails after the first time we used it. I put in on every few days and after just 3 weeks, he stopped bitting his nails all together, even if I skip using the product for several days. Last night I had to cut his nails for the very fist time since he was 3! It does smell terrible when you first put it on but as soon as it dries (a couple of minutes), the smell is gone.
The product arrived timely and the packaging is wonderful. I've used Mavala Stop since I received it and although it hasn't completely prevented my granddaughter from sucking her two fingers, she is aware that she will receive the &#34;painting&#34; on her fingers if she places them in her mouth. I feel it is helping in the sense that she knows the taste isn't something she likes.  That alone is a help for me.  I'm confident that she will eventually be more aware of Mavala Stop and discontinue this habit. I have nothing negative to say about this product since it does make my granddaughter aware of what will happen if she doesn't follow the instructions and keep those fingers where they should be.
My son has been nail biting since before he was one year old.  He is three now and after the first week of using this product his nails are growing and look fantastic.  I have noticed in about three day this product wears off and he reverts back to the biting. Since this habit didn't start overnight, I expect it to take some time to break completely. I was skeptical before trying this product but now I strongly recommend it. I finally can see there is light at the end of the tunnel for my little nail biter.
I bought this together with a thumb sucking guard. Let's just say that the combination worked wonders on my 3 year old!He's no longer sucking his thumb. He did throw up twice and he is a picky eater so I wasn't so happy about it. But I'd rather he lost appetite for a couple of days than having him suck on his thumb on his wedding night! jajaja!Anyhow, I have a lot of this remaining so I will give it to another child sufferer.It does work wonders for kids.
wow- it works great- well the first few times I have used it. biting nails is super hard to break. I am on the 3rd bottle (over like 5 yrs) so hopefully this time it will work for me (again). warning- don't touch anything with your hands after applying for like 24 hrs. especially not Thanksgiving Day biscuits everyone else would (have liked to) eat. It kind of gets over everything you touch and then put in your mouth. and unless you have some tolerance to it (like I do now...) then well it can be really unpleasant.I am sure it would be best to break your kid of the habit before they ruin dinner at a later age....
