I have tested this against the griffin dual output unit.I checked the charging current.This unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.Griffin was charging with 40 ma! And the griffin was 4 times more expensive.I have not used these for very long. I bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.No idea how long they last. I assume they will work fine. I have not been using them much. I did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger. This passed and I stocked up.
I needed a charger quick and I didn't want to spend $20.00 at the convenience store for a short, crappy charger. For this price, the charger is great.Pros: The cord length is perfect if you have a tall bed. I don't have to struggle to see my phone when I'm laying down.Cons: The plug in is a little blocky but nothing to worry about. The connecter doesn't like to stay in place 100% of the time. It does NOT fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge. My phone is also old and the port is a little worn. That could be my issue.If you need a good charger for a cheap price. Buy this!
I purchased two of these chargers for my sister and girlfriend. They both have Samsung Galaxy phones and needed a car charger so being the OEM fanboy I am, I swooped up on a couple of these for them while remaining slightly skeptical of what was actually going to show up in the mail at this price.I'm happy to report I definitely received 2 OEM Samsung car chargers in the mail in sealed bags with part # barcodes (the kind you'd normally receive in a new/refurb phone). Can't go wrong with the price and certainly can't argue with the benefits of OEM vs. generic (mA output and reliability at the top of the list!).
The big store that is in every town now (can't say their name) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock. If they ever have anything is stock, it is cheap junk that does not last. I got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price I usually pay for the junk at that big national store. This cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now. I also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly. Since this one still works, I have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out. This is a great car charger, and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store--not to mention this is the Samsung brand charger verses their junk.
JUNK!!!......This product must be miss labeled.  I can not get my Samsung S2 phone to charge with this OEM charger.  The lights are on, the phone says its charging but nothing happens.  I am not sure if I got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge.  If you need a reliable charger, DO NOT purchase this product.If you need a car charger for your Samsung S2, I would recommend the Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter.  It charges fast and is dependable.
First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month.
Got this to replace a frayed OEM cord. The cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like OEM and is stamped as such, is crap! Took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! When the cord was paired with the actual OEM plug in, it worked fine. So if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not OEM and the plug is worthless. For the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but I am very disappointed with the false markings as OEM when it is certainly not.
Was here right on time.Wall adapter what I expected and works well but dose Not Have Quick-Charge As This ad states and that was the,Whole reason I chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient ..... The micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made, and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well....I know its the usd because I tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems....I Will never order from Amazon Again Only two orders out of 13 have come without Defect or Wrong Probuct!Ugh!
I would like to start off by saying that this product is what I ordered and I have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house, the problem I do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. Why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on Amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord? The cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. I am having the same issue with the charger that I ordered for my galaxy note 2. It's a very thin cord, and also very short. Maybe, a 2 21/2 foot cord? And its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into...
In a nutshell, this is NOT an OEM charger.  Although it has the Samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a Samsung phone.  This means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  With that said, I wouldn't buy this again.~~~~~~~~~~August 17, 2013 - UpdateThe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers.  After using this for a while, it is still garbage.  It does not charge my phone and in fact, it drains the phone.  This must be a counterfeit product.  It has Samsung markings but it does not charge the phone.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!
Wow!  What a cute battery case! I saw a Christian sister with one of these on her phone!  That gave ne an idea-I decided to order me and my sister a battery case-mine is white, (since my phone is white), and my sister's is black,(since her phone is blue).Anyway, these little guys give you power for your phone! If we run out juice, especially when on the go, we can just connect this case to our phone, and it is POWER ON THE GO!! (I'm just concerned about the functionality).
I never do this, but I almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for PowerBear. If you look at all the positive reviews for this case, you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review, other than this one of course, is a verified purchase. What that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. Furthermore, many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product, once per color. Why Amazon allows this is beyond me, but that is not the point. Also, if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers, you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for PowerBear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. Beware the paid shills!
Bought this for my new AT&T; Galaxy SII, the case arrived super fast, its fits the phone perfectly and snug. I have no issues with any buttons, and the rubber is in a smooth, sort of laminated finish. It does not stick to your pockets. Overall, I am extremely happy with the purchase, especially for so cheap.And just FYI: This is for the AT&T; (i777), or International (i9100) Galaxy SII.This WILL NOT FIT Sprint, T-Mobile or the AT&T; Galaxy SII Skyrocket phones. You've been warned.
the case did not fit my phone; was a tad too small.  i could only get 3 corners into the case.  i wound up buying a two piece case that cost about $20 from a local store.  have dropped the phone so many times the case is beat to s***, and no damage to the phone.  good reason to buy a case, just not this one.my co-worker delayed in getting a case because he could not find one he liked, and broke the display screen, making his phone unusable.  buy a case, not this rubber thing.  i threw mine away within 5 minutes of it's arrival
Very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is good and the shipping is quick. The case provides enough friction to enable a good grip on the phone. TPU (the plastic material where the case is made of) virtually resists oil and dust. I used to have an Otter box for my other phone. The protection is excellent BUT the silicone attracts dust like crazy. The S-Style pattern at the back is more of a personal taste - some people like it but some other may not. To me it adds some flavor to an otherwise plain black case. The protection on all 4 sides on the front panel looks sufficient (anyone dare to slam your phone on the floor to test it out?). I wish the top margin (above the earphone) can wrap down by a few mm. Overall I feel my phone secured in the case.
A note of caution from someone who owned and used just about every major Blackberry model: if you already own a standard USB 2.0 cable and you don't need an extra, then you do NOT need this cable. All a Blackberry needs for data transfer is a STANDARD USB 2.0 cable with a Micro-USB connector at one end.There is NOTHING special about this cable and nothing justifies the artificially inflated MSRP listed for it. While this item is sold at a 90% off the MSRP discount, it's probably okay to purchase one, for as long as, after reading the first paragraph you decide that you will need a USB 2.0 cable.The items has 2 stars taken away for the exaggerated marketing claim (professional grade custom cable) and for the inflated MSRP.NOTE: Please make sure that you buy cable with a MICRO-USB connector because this is what your Blackberry needs.
Well, went on the internet first....$14.00, then to a very well known store, here in Gloucester, MA, $28.  I was not happy.  Then, of course, I knew Amazon would come up with something...they did, $4.00 and change...it arrived promptly.  I cannot say enough about Amazon, they are realistic in their prices, knowing that people do not have that kind of money to pay for a wire,,for 14 or 28 dollars. I have never been so happy to get what I need without spending my last dollar for it.  Thank you again and again.
I bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap, and that it is. I use this with my Nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues, such as screen lag, my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is, and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. So if you need a real quick cable for basic charging, this will do it, anything else...spend the extra buck on a higher end cable.
I purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews.  I don't know how people are getting these cables to work... but out of the 3 I bought, 0 have functioned properly with my Palm Pre!  The best I can do is get it to charge, though the entire time it is charging the computer is complaining about "Unknown Device" and "Could not install drivers" even though it works beautifully with the original cable.  The only setting that works is "Just Charge"!  Each of the 3 cables fails slightly differently which makes me believe that each has a different flaw!  I've tried this with my Wife's Palm Pixi as well as used different computers and that failed as well.  Look elsewhere when attempting to purchase a cable for your Palm device!
I bought this recently and did not expect much, as it was only $2.99 shipped to my door.  For that much money, how can you go wrong?  So, I have not used it to transfer data yet, as it it plugged into my PC at work just for charging.  When plugged in, my Palm Pixi prompts me, just as the factory cable does, to transfer or charge.  I have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!  Do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable, or two!
I was initially leary about purchasing this item due to the extremely low price and to have free shipping also, but I needed a wall charger since Motorola only includes a car charger with their wireless car phone speakers.  So I took a chance (due to the low price and free shipping) and was pleasantly surprised.  The charger appears to as well made as the other after market chargers I purchased previously for my e-book reader, PDA, camera, etc., and at less than 25% of the cost.  I charged my Motorola speaker without any problems.
we bought this charging cord because the t505 only came with a car charger.  we now have 2 t505 with the 2nd one intended for use with connecting our bluetooth enabled phones with the home stereo.  this cord offers a convenient way to charge both as we are not in the car for long enough periods for the device to charge completely while travelling.  by bringing in the devices we are able to charge overnight to a full charge.  great price and no complaints with receipt of material in either packaging or transit time.
This is clearly not a HTC cable as it has the Blackberry logo on it and the bulk packaging label says Blackberry...but it's a OEM micro usb cable none the less and works perfectly on any micro usb device I plugged it into.While I haven't tested it's speed against other cables I doubt it outperforms any other OEM cable but it works and that's all I asked for of it.The cable is a bit thick and as a result is stiff but not unmanageably so.It should also be noted that the cable shown in the picture is not of the actual product, that is a mini usb cable and appears to be quite a bit longer than the product, this cable is 1m long.
I'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the EXACT same phone! I just don't get it. I decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work, and I'm glad I did. It's exactly what I expected and wanted. I actually bought 2 of these so I could leave one in my car and one at work. For only $4 and some change for the both...this was a GREAT buy for me and now I never have to worry about my Incredible running out of battery!
well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.  so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.  when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.  so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc.
The Phone charger works, it charges the phone. However, while the phone is charging it continually beeps as when the battery is too low.It will not stop beeping while it is charging until the battery reaches a certain percentage.I do not think this is the correct charger to be using on the phone I have.Now I am worried based on other reviewers that the battery may blow on the phone and I'll have to replace that too.I would not recommend buying this charger.The charger from my old blackberry works better.
Paid $0.32 for the charger and $2.81 Shipping & Handling.....Yeah, I know the shipping & handling was much more expensive than the charger was but I needed a charger that connected and this one fit nice and snug so I am able to charge my phone while sitting at my desk in my home office at my computer looking for work.....which is an all day job huh?  LOL!  Wow, I wish I could write reviews for a living wouldn't that be nice?  I think the total price of $$3.13 was a great savings compared to how much the retailers that sell the mobile phones charge anywhere from $10-$20.  Ms_Thrifty has done it again!  Stay tune to more reviews, Oh how I love Amazon!
I love that this headset stays firmly on the head with the band and firmly on the ear with just the ear piece.  The sound quality is great, and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason I bought this.  The mute switch is in a convenient place and has a nice clip to attach to your shirt.  The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I have had a lot of people tell me I sound somewhat distorted when talking on it.  Usually I can make it better by adjusting the mic volume (another nice feature) or by moving the mic away from my mouth.  Overall good purchase for the money.
I've been using one of these for years!  I replace it with a new one when the old one wears out.  The mic is always strong enough to pick up my voice, and I never have complaints about people not being able to hear me.  The ear-pad is comfy, and I occasionally forget I have this on.  The best part is the adjustable amplifier - if I have distortion from the sound out of my cell phone, I can increase or decrease both the output from the cell phone itself and the amplifier on the headset, and I usually can maximize the sound and minimize distortion.  I don't have to hold anything with my hand to get the conversation through.
Love this type of headset.  I use one at work every day, so I got one for home too.  I hate things &#34;in&#34; my ear, so this quality over-the-head type keeps everything where it belongs and I can wear it for hours with no pain or irritation.  Comfortable and lightweight.  Doesn't even mess up hair.  It includes a leatherette &#34;cup&#34; for the ear speaker, but I usually don't even use it, finding it comfortable even without it.  It converts to an &#34;ear hook&#34; type also, but I don't find that very useful.  The inline volume control and mute is nice, although a bit large and heavy.  Great sound quality
Excited about this based on good reviews, but did not have the same experience.Tested on my Nexus S cell phone, person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound.  I unplugged headset and switched to using my cell, and they said the problem went away, so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset.Also, just FYI, this does not come retail packaged, but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions.  Not a problem for me, but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality.
I've been buying these headsets for several years, recommending them to friends and associates and now I'm buying them as gifts for the headset challenged. You know, people who literally have pains in their neck from clamping a phone between their head and shoulders.These are wonderful headsets. I've used them with a variety of cordless and cell phones. As long as you have a 2.5mm socket, you're in business. Audio reception is excellent even for those like me with moderate hearing loss. And the microphones are simply top-notch.I've had only one break and that was because I crammed it into a travel case - and I mean crammed. With regard to ordinary daily abuse, these hold up well.All in all, an excellent value.Jerry
I've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from $15 to $150. This one was typical of the others that I returned, low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone. I finally ended up with a Panasonic TCA60 for about $19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends. It's nothing fancy, no volume control and no mute, but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone. Price does not determine sound quality. I recommend this product.
I bought this set to fix a pair of eyeglasses that had loose screws. The smallest screwdriver in this kit was perfect for that job, so mission accomplished. The tops of each screwdriver twirls independently from the shaft, meaning you can keep a finger on top of the head to stabilize the driver while you're screwing. (Sorry, there's no other way to say that.) The box suggests these screwdrivers can be used for repairing eyeglasses, cameras, watches, fishing reels, hobbies, electronics, and small appliances. I think this set will come in very handy.
The Torx screw drivers work wonderfully and the tweezers work well, but the pry tool is too weak and ineffectual for the project I used them on.I bought this kit to remove the cameras out of my HTC 4G LTE and I didn't have any problems except for removing the small plastic portion on the bottom rear side of the phone.  The pry tool was way too flimsy for the job and I'm not convinced that it would do the trick for any similar function.I'd recommend this kit if you primarily purchased it for the Torx drivers but not if you require the use of the pry tool as well.
This comes with 4 flats and 2 philips. I believe they are also metric in sizes. I used one to take a part a netbook. I like the fact that they spin, come in a plastic kit. They are reasonably priced. These items are high quality. Handles are small and can be hard to loosen a screw if torqued down. I used them for a laptop not as a jeweler so... Nice case, nice color, small area, ... Comes in a card board cover as well. Packaged and more packaged. A little over doing it there. Can't be at times a little difficult to open the plastic case. Was going push up or down. Comes with different sizes. Some of the flats seemed a little thick in the blade. Not a bad item for the price. Always good to have a set of these around for glasses/sunglasses or for other items with small screws.
Installation was easy and the tool kit worked though the plastic tools are no the robust and will break if you tweak on them too much. The paper foil was coming off the battery when I open the package but folding back in place worked, once it's in the phone it is not an issue. So far the phone charges fast and the life is much better than the 2 year old battery it replaced. So far I would recommend this battery.Update: 4 weeks after installing this battery is would only last 5 hours and that was barely using the iPhone with NO voice calls at all during that time and no extra heavy use of the internet or anything. Drained it and charged from dead several times, made sure that location services, blue tooth, apps closed... all OFF and still drained. Got my money back and bought one for 1/2 the price and that one works great! Maybe I just got a defective battery.... A risk we all take when buying these 3rd party batteries.
I must agree with Gary Tuscon's review. For under $5, even though the smallest flat-head screwdriver in here is 1.4 mm (too large for the screws that hold the links on a Seiko women's watchband), the quality is such that I will keep them. The case is very good and labeled very clearly. The screwdrivers have a decent weight as well and the handles turn smoothy.If these came in smaller sizes, with tempered tips that smaller sized tools need to be strong, I would definitely consider them as well.If I had one minor nitpick, it would be that a color-coding of the handles would be a great help, but really, this is an excellent value for the price.
After viewing some youtube videos on this procedure, I was able to swap the battery in about 1/2 hour (which included taking pictures and studying the insides of the iPhone 4S.The tools are good enough to get the job done -- I never felt that the tools were going to fall apart.  In fact, I'm keeping them around for other mobile phone work.The only thing I'd recommend (esp. for older folks with not-so-good eyesight) is a good way to magnify things so you can see what you're doing.  I use a big magnifying glass, 1.5x reading glasses (3x would be better), a headlamp (to add light where I need it).
Judging from what I've seen in other reviews and what I received there is inconsistency in what is being shipped out.  I received a zip-lock bag containing 12 pieces. (See user uploaded photo that matches the description below)- 6 Torx type drivers, magnetic tip (T4,T5,T6,T7,T8,T10) (Orange handle, with blue cap)- 1 Philips driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 Flat driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 3-point driver, magnetic tip (clear red handle)- 2 tweezers (stainless steel, on blister packs)- 1 pry tool (dark green)I purchased this set to do some work on a Droid X (MB810), and they did the job well enough, except I had to carefully use the T4 instead of a T3 *very* carefully on 12 screws holding the screen assembly together. I'll give it a 3 star rating "It's OK"
You may not need these types of screwdrivers often, but when you do need them, nothing else will do.  They're great for tightening eyeglass screws or opening up the cases of small electronic devices.This is a nice set.  It comes with 4 slotted and 2 philips style in a variety of sizes. They seem to be well made and I suspect that they last a long time. The swivel heads allow you to put downward pressure on the screwdriver as you turn it to minimize the risk of stripping the head on delicate small screws. The case has a labeled space for each screwdriver. It's your typical plastic case with a snap top and should hold up as long as you don't step on it or drop something on it.  This set is a nice value for the price.
It is chinesse(like almost everything in this world LOL) but they are really well done, and for the price they are a bargain.The screw drivers have a free rolling top to make pressure, and the body is rellay good, nice grip and 3 lobules ergonomics.The pliers are just as good as you can get, no problems with them and good finish on the edges, not like razors like othersthe prying tool is just what you need for almost any device you want to tear apart(besides the iPad) they have enough strenght to pry out plastics and even aluminun bodys of smartphones.There is to mini screwdriver, a flat an a phillips, I use them for electronics.Overall pretty satisfied, I would buy another one later on
For the price, you cannot beat this little Stanley screwdriver set.  This one features several very tiny standard and Phillips head screwdrivers.  If you have a need for very small head screwdrivers, this one is for you.  These are useful for messing with eyeglasses, certain electronics gadgets, and firearms.  I have several revolvers and pistols which have sight adjustments that have outrageously small adjustment screws.  For these sights this little kit is a must -- none of my other tools could manage to fit these screws but this one did.  That alone made it worth the Amazon price and this little kit has a permanent place in my range shooting bag.  RJB.
I tried two (yes, two) batteries and had to send both back because both were crap. I finally decided to spend a bit more hoping it would equate to more quality. Well that seems to have paid off (third time's the charm I guess). The battery itself replaced my old battery perfectly. It holds a charge well and reads the correct battery percentage. The included tools were a bonus. I already had a set of tools from replacing my wife's battery a while back. However these were much better. The old tools I had were stripping the tiny screw heads. This set of tools gripped the screw heads perfectly. Overall I'm very happy.
I bought these to use with my Jawbone Era bluetooth headset.  The Era comes with 9 different options for ear inserts.  But I always felt like the earpiece was about to fall out, unless I jammed it into my ear so far that it became uncomfortable.Enter the Jabra EarGels...  These made a huge difference.  It fit perfectly onto my ear (the nub on the top goes into the spot above the ear hole).  I could wear this all day.  I wouldn't wear these eargels without having an over-the-ear hook attachment on my Era, but these have made a huge difference for the comfort of my bluetooth earpiece.
When I first installed one of these on my new Jawbone II, they were fantastic.  They fit my ear canal perfectly, negating the need for the ear loop that came with it.  Unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset.  The ear pieces would not stay on the Jawbone, and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear.  I tried washing and drying them thoroughly, but that only helped for an hour or so.  I am not sure what the fit problem is, but they turned out to not work for my Jawbone II and me at all.
These are the exact ones that I was looking for but there is one problem.  They are supposed to be clear but they arrived yellowed in the package.  It is obvious that they are new, but they have yellowed and are no longer clear.  I bought these to replace existing ones that I have that have yellowed but not to the extent of these new ones.  I have had the previous ones since 2010.  I will keep as spares but am unhappy with the condition of these EarGels.
I like this Jabra earboom so much that I have purchased 6 of these so far.  And that is my biggest complaint, is their poor quality of workmanship.  They work well but just don't last.  Granted, I'm a road warrior and my earbooms probably go through more abuse than a casual user.  The reason I keep buying them is the audio quality is fantastic and the fit within my ear is solid.  I keep two spares on hand at all times so as soon as one fails I can throw it away and move on.  At this price, I can afford it.  Also, Jabra customer services is great.  I lost the windscreen for the boom mic once and an email to them got me a set of windscreens in my mailbox, no charge.
Yeah, I know, they warned me; but I thought I was smarter than the average bear- not so.If you have auto reverse on your tape player and you cannot shut the feature off, this will not work.  It may work for a few minutes at a time, but will always end up frustrating you by switching every few minutes.If you can turn off the auto reverse (or don't have it), it's a very solid product that sounded great.For those like me who need a FM transmitter instead of the tape version, I'd suggest the Soundkase FM Transmitter for iPod & MP3s.  We've been using it for a week or 2 with good results (and from my research, probably the best results you can get if you can't use a tape connection).
I tried using it with my Sansa Clip MP3 player in my Toyota MR2. The car makes a lot of noise in any case, so I'm not holding out for audio lab quality. However, the product made a quite audible (at low automobile speeds) click-click-click. I might have been able to tolerate that. However, there was also an electronic whistle increasing in frequency with the RPM of the engine. The whistle interfered excessively with the intended sound from the player. The volume of the Coby CA-747 was ok. I hadn't thought that would be an issue until I bought a comparable Maxell cassette adapter at Long's to replace the Coby CA-747. The volume with the Maxell product was very weak, and I had to turn it way up. The Maxell didn't go click-click-click, but it whistled, too. So both the Maxell and the Coby get 1 star from me. I'm trying out the offering from Philips next...
Purchased this to try out in the workplace. Don't have access to a decent sound system, so wanted to be able to pipe some mp3s through the clunky boom boxes that are available, without having to lug around a CD case. I was very pleased to find the sound quality is excellent. Playing mp3s from a phone or player sounds more clear and louder than if I were to tune in a radio station. This model had some of the best reviews on the site, and it appears to be a good unit so far. I had to go with 5 stars because you can't beat the price for something that works this well.**Update** It has been about a couple of months so I thought I should add that this unit has worked out great so far. It gets many hours of use and delivers very clean sound. I couldn't be happier with this purchase.
I bought this cassette adapter to replace my old one who's cord got ripped in half when stuck in my door. I get better sound out of this one than I did from my other one that I originally bought for more than twice the price.The best part of this cassette adapter is that the cord is coiled, and can be stretched to be super long (probably at least 8 feet although I have not checked) yet when no tension is applied (during normal use or storage) the cord is only about 3 feet long. This keeps it from getting stuck in things like car doors or wrapped around steering wheels or getting all tangled which my old adapter did.I am very pleasantly surprised at this adapter. I more than got my money's worth out of it.
I have a cassette player in my car and wanted to be able to plug my MP3 player into it. This adapter looks like a cassette with a wire coming out of the end. It slides into my car player and when I plug it up to my mp3 player, it plays through the system with no problem. I have not had any trouble from it yet as others have written about. I went on a trip 2 weeks ago and used it for several hours. It worked great.  The wire can be changed to come out of the side or the back, depending on which way your auto player is oriented.
Pros:- Love the adjustable dual position for the cord. Most players you need to insert the cassette sideways, but I had some players before that you need to insert the cassette lengthwise. You will never go wrong with this adapter as you can feed it to your cassette player both ways.- Does not look cheap. It looks more decent than other cassette adapters I have that costs 20$- The coiled cord is great and much less clutter.  I had a cassette adapter that has a cord that was too long, it got caught under the seat and the only way to remove it is to cut it.- Sounds good too with my Ipod.Cons:- The only thing I can think of is it still makes noticeable clicking sound while in the cassette.Bought this item twice already.
Seems great at first. But sound is kind of shaky, almost like the magnetic head is not making good contact. Also it has a bad habit of locking up the wheels and it makes the radio think it's hit the end of the tape and will auto reverse only to find it locked again and then reverse again. It'll get stuck in this infinite loop. You have to take it out, smack it a few times to free up the wheels and then put it back in. Oh and that plug for the cable on the tape is loose as hell. pull on your device too quickly and it'll put the plug right out of the tape while its still in the deck.
I would agree with the majority of the reviews. I purchased this for my car. I don't have the MP3 connection but do have a tape deck. And I wasn't thrilled with the quality of sound with the FM tuners (my brother has one for his car). There is a little bit of a clicking sound that appears once it starts playing, but with road nose and the general nose of the car, it is a non-issue...can't even hear it. The quality of the sound is not as good as if having a direct MP3 connection, but I consider it very good...(not sure it's even fair to compare). I use this primarily for audio books, and I am very happy with my purchase. I have not had to try the fix that some of the other reviewers had (something about needing to take out a pin on the inside of the cassette).I would definitely recommend!
I fixed the issues, for the time being.  I turned down the bass on my stereo.  I also made the default volume 75% on my phone.  This is the combination that worked for me.  I also left the casette in.  I figured if there was dust and other stuff in there, then i would have to let it settle.  The burn in period was about 3 days.  Afterwards it was AMAZING, the sound clarity improved so much. So don't give up, try these things. You may need to clear the dust from inside your tape player, I'm sure that may be the cause of many issues.Fix eject issue:[...]
But will keep this short and sweet -Cord contains lead and must be handled regularly in a car where there is nowhere to clean your hands after touching the thing.Sound quality quickly goes downhill with crackling evident after only 5 uses.Now stuck in my dashboard player because the modular adapter broke off and the cassette will not fully eject. I am sure the husband will be griping the entire time he tries to get it unstuck.Avoid at all costs!I scanned past the negative reviews since this product had a few really positive reviews with a lot of helpful votes. Big mistake as now I have to unstick the adapter from my cassette player and try to get Amazon to take it back. (I bought 2 on clearance)
Overall, I think that it's a safe investment in a mobile phone. One sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly, there's always a race to have the best.Right now, this phone is one of the best, without the 300+ pricetag. If you're paying 300 for it, you aren't getting a good deal.Clear reception, included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the R225 Samsung.Great display. Only downside is the wiping it off thing. Oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface. Very clear pictures and nice graphics.I give it a 10 out of 10.
the freaking power cable quit working w/in a few weeks and neither t-mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $20.  Sony took my address and said they would, but it never showed up.Well the phone is rugged!  It's been 3-4 years and it still works.  It went through the washing machine and half the dryer.  It was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes-  it keeeps working.The blue tooth syncs w/ my pc and tells me where to go etc.  I buy  a $25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes.  It's been a great little phone.
Great features - except for the phone one.  Seriously - Bluetooth, IR, good phone book features, nice color display (though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses).  However, I get much weaker signals (and call quality) on this phone vs. my previous one.  If everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals, you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge, this is not the phone for you, unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone. :)
This has to be the cheapest headset I have ever purchased, yet the best small headset ever made. It lasts forever! I only bought it for Xbox live but it works great with cell phones too. It says its made by plantronics in the description but the headset itself says verizon on the side so I'm not sure what the deal is with that but I know that it works great. So if you're looking for a nice regular headset for xbox live because the microsoft headsets break all the time or for a cell phone, buy this headset. I went ahead and bought another one before they're sold out. Try to buy from OEM planet if they got it in stock, they are the best in my opinion.
I don't know, I've always liked high-tech and loved the idea of bluetooth, even though it tends to make one look like a space alien contacting the mother ship or a blathering fool until someone notices the bluetooth unit in your ear.But I've never gotten good reception with bluetooth units or enough batter life. Don't get me started on static and wind noise.That's why for the money you can't do better than these wired units. They're lightweight, comfortable, and have ample cord length. I've ordered several, and you'd pay 3 times the price in a bog-box electronics store. Do yourself a favor, even if you do own a bluetooth, keep one of these one hand. Well worth the price.
I got sick of xbox 360 microphones breaking, so I decided to buy this to see if it would work.Unfortunately it didn't work that well. I got sound and the microphone worked but I got a lot of feedback and echo. Worst of all it was supposed to block outside sound, but it didn't do this at all.I know that it was designed for xbox so I am not going to give it 1 star. I don't have a home phone so I haven't tried it for that.
This headset would not stay in my ear no matter how hard I tried.  I like the fact that it is small, that it sounds OK, and that the person on the line could hear me OK (not great) But I could not figure out how to keep it in my ear without holding it, which defeats the purpose of having a headset!! I ordered 4 of them, they were about $3 apiece with shipping, and the first two are buzzy and could not be used.  I would not recommend this product. I went to an over the head headset by Jensen, and am VERY pleased!
I purchased one of these headsets many years ago and was very happy with it.  Well, my husband tried it and decided he needed it since he did a lot of driving for work.  I was very happy to see that these were still available and at a much better price than what I paid way back.I love that I can use these with my cordless phones as well as my cell phone.  I prefer the corded sets, they just seem to have a better sound quality.  I love that this earpiece fits snuggly around your lobe.  I wear glasses and this works out great.  I go between this style and one that wraps around my head, it just depends on which handset I pick up.  Highly recommend to anyone who prefers the corded headset.
More importantly, the point is that the thing that goes in your ear is a cheap, thin little foam pad that will wear out very quickly.  When mine arrived, it was in little pieces all over the inside if the plastic bag they shipped it in.  No box, no packing - not even some cheap bubble wrap and a rubber band, just chucked it into a bag.  I realize it's super cheap but it should last a month.  Is there we are at now?  I wish Amazon would be... at all selective on what they offer for sale.
I purchased FIVE wireless headsets around the same time for my office workers.  One tried to get it to work, and finally gave up.  She kept getting a feedback sound in the headset even when not on a call.  I dont know if it was something in the walls making it have feedback, but we couldnt get the problem to stop so she went back to a wired headset.I have been using the headset she had problems with, and i constantly have that annoying pulsing feedback.One of the five just quit working this week.Problems with 2 out of 5 headsets seems like pretty poor odds to me.I will try a different kind next time...if there is a next time.
This case works great! My wife and I are taking up kayaking and we needed some way to protect our phones. I have a samsung galaxy s2, she has a blackberry bold 9000. We each put our phones in our cases and immediately plunged them into the water to test to make sure they didn't leak. They worked perfectly! My wife even flipped her kayak and that was the true test, we righted it and checked the phone, dry as can be.I recommend these, i do wish there was some padding these came with as the phones do bang around inside a bit. I'll put my own inside, but for the price I think they could have included something.
I don't want to rehash all of the stuff that's already been said about this phone. Here's something that nobody told me before I bought it: You cannot use the Infrared port on this phone to transfer data to and from it using a PC. You can use the infrared on the phone as a wireless modem for Internet connectivity (this works for me) but the EasyGPRS software provided to manage phone entries etc. does not work with Infrared. I've checked out all of the online support forums for this phone and I have not heard from anyone who has actually done this. When I called tech support they suggest that I buy their data cable (read: shell out another $70) for that purpose. It is very misleading to show this phone as being IR equipped while its use is crippled.BTW, I gave this phone 4 stars because it is still a sleek looking great phone.
Other than the high initial cost (I got it before they put in a promotion, duh), i really love this compact and stylish phone.  It's the best Nextel has offered yet, although there's rumor that a camera phone is coming out soon.  If you can wait, wait a bit longer, otherwise for walkie-talkie style cellular, Nextel is the best.  No delays like with Verizon (up to 30 seconds!) or Sprint (10 secs).  Walkie-talkie that actually works where there's coverage.  I'm a happy customer.
I have to say that this is a great phone and the Nextel service is great also.As for the review from the moron from Denver You need to have used it and the service before you open your mouth and make a fool of your self.People that review something and not have a clue just goes to show that stupid people should not breed.I have had the I90c,I95cl and the i730 and the 730 is great as for a alarm buy a clock if you need a alarm.The screen is a little smaller but the brilliant color makes up for it,the sound is as good as the other phones I have had.As for service I have had every carrier that is in the state of Colorado and Nextel is the best and for any one who is thinking of Verizon for push to talk well it sould be push to wait.If you want the best this phone and service is the best.
First a quick confession: I do not like T-Mobile.  I had them before and hated their (lack of) coverage and bad service.That said, the v300 is a very good phone.  I won't rehash the long feature list here.  What I really like (after playing with a friend's) is the loud ringtones, the good reception (despite the lack of GSM coverage in Brooklyn), and the great styling.  This phone is not made by Motorola per se but by their Asian partner, maybe that explains the &quot;girlish&quot; styling, but it's still pretty cool.  Of course, the light weight and good battery life make it a stand-out.My favorite phone is still the Sanyo VM-4500 video camera walkie-talkie speakerphone cell phone for Sprint PCS...
UPDATE:The person actually using these adapters (an 80 year old grandma) just reported from Bassano Italy that they worked just find and she charged her phone with no issues. So if a octogenarian can deal with something, that speaks volumes to the product!In her case, she was using an iPhone overseas, so any issues of power converters were moot. All she had to do was plug the US style plug into the adapter. Even so, it did work for her and she did it on her own. So that is a plus!**********************************These little adaptors look like they are well made and the price was right.i will add more when I get back!
I bought this set of adapters specifically for a trip to Europe. There are two different Europe plugs, I took them both, and they both worked everywhere I went.I used the adapters primarily in Denmark and Norway, they worked great and gave me no problems charging iPod, iPhone, iPad, camera batteries, etc.Note that there are numbers on the plugs, the numbers correspond to the cardboard insert to let you know where to use the plugs. It would be better if the plugs themselves had that information on them, but at least they have the numbers (which I didn't see at first so I put my own numbers on them).I will undoubtedly keep using the adapters on future trips, and I'll keep this updated.Update:Have also now used in Thailand, worked great.
I'm standing in a room with a TV blasting, just 10 feet away.  Talking to Hertz reservations - they tell me (a) my voice is the clearest one that they have heard all day and (b) they don't hear the TV at all.  I replace this unit with my old earphone.  "Now your voice sounds muffled", he said, "and I hear that TV now loud and clear".I have other stories like this.  Walking down a busy noisy street - the Etymonic makes my voice clear and there is no noise of traffic or wind.  My old earphone almost seems to exaggerate the background noise.I use the foam ear piece and it is very comfortable and stays in place.  I don't like the hard plastic ear pieces.Nice.
I had more USB adapters then I knew what to do with.  Enter the cyberpower 7 port hub... I am very pleased with it.  I'm not a techy, just an every day computer user.  I use my hub with my iMAC and it works seamlessly, have had no issues.  I bought another for a friend and she is pleased as well.  Like I said, it does what it says it will do with little effort, and works quite well for the technically challenged.
Okay, this little guy ROCKS!  When plugged in to an outlet, it will support 2 HDDs, a external ODD, and a printer with no issues.  Also, during a move I misplaced my power cord, so I called up the company... WOW, for free, the NEXT DAY, they shipped me out a replacement.  I would DEF. buy from them again, and will use more of these as the need arises.Also, it's been quite some time now since the purchase (over a year) and it works perfectly like the day I got it.
I really like this hub.  I have an Acer One Netbook, and I use this hub to power my cd/dvd external drive, my laptop cooler pad, and my 1tb external hard drive.  My cooler pad also has a few usb ports, and I have a 4-in-1 memory card reader plugged into that.  Everything works fine.  Sometimes I have to unplug my cd/dvd drive to get the netbook to read it properly.  I had that same problem with another hub though, so I think it's the drive.  It works more often with this hub than with my other though.This is very small.  The main picture makes it look huge, but it's really palm sized. I took it with me on vacation, and it fit just fine in the carry-on.  You don't need to keep the stand on it.I also like the one port in the front for when I need to plug in a usb drive.
I use this hub with my Mac and it is great. I just plugged into my USB port on my MacBook Pro and have never had a problem with it. You can optionally power the device with the included AC Adapter, which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights. This blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it. I have plenty of open slots for additional devices. If you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front USB slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort. Everything (at least with a Mac) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in. I would highly recommend this hub - you can't find anything as nice for the price that is powered.
I have an older computer with ony 4 usb ports and a laptop with 2 usb ports. I have 4  external drives and a printer and various other devices that require usb, and all i have to do is disconnect it from one computer and plug it into the other and everything Works great. As far as small flash drives that require external power i have no idea.  hope some reviewer will elaborate on that.  In any case its well worth the money.  It stays forever lit, and thats okay.  It will look funny 10 years from now when the lights are extinguished.
Because of proliferation of USB based products, the USB hub is now more neccessary than ever. If you have multiple USB based devices (printers, keyboard, mouse, flash storage, USB speakers, iphone/ipod jack etc) and want to consolidate all your devices into a one single hub, then this hub does its job well.This devices works equally well both in Windows (Vista) and Mac OS (Leopard and Snow Leopard).It is about half the size of a medium sized hand.Each USB port has its own dedicated LED light. The LED light indicators, however, are little brighter than I would like. It MAY bother those who are extremely light sensitive while sleeping. But a cheap way to alleviate such a problem would be to cover the LED lights with tape.I used this device as a hub for all my USB devices for my MacBook Pro (2009) and the device works flawlessly, including for my USB speakers.
I use this on my MacBook so I can connect several items at the same time including a USB keyboard and optical mouse, my iPad and iPhone, a webcam, an external hard drive and even a light o Rama controller for my Christmas lights. This thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices. I haven't seen any slowness in my webcam, iPad/iPhone syncing or even copying large movies to my external hard drive. This guy works great and I am not at all disappointed in performance. I am however a bit disappointed in the design. This has to sit on the corner of my desk and i need plenty of room on both sides to allow the USB cables to plug in. I would have had them design it like a tower with the plugs all on the back one on top of another. That being said, the current design does offer some added stability to keep the hub from falling over. Overall a great performer and a decent design.
I was surprised to find this excellent powered USB hub for much less money than I paid for an identicel one over three years ago. Somehow, we misplaced the power adapter so I ordered this one mainly so I could get the power adapter. The older hub still works fine so I just use the adapter so I can run USB 3.0 Hard Drives with a TV Android mini-pc. My grandson wanted the hub for his his Playstation 3 slim, which sees a lot of use. He uses it for video gaming and for a multi-media center. He accidently damaged one of the two USB ports and he was limited by having only one USB port.I gave him this hub. He is so happy with it his friends want one!
I gave this 3 stars because it does what it says, its nothing high end and doesn't promise miracles, but I won't give it 5 stars because simply there's a terrible delay from when my computer comes out of sleep mode and from the time it actually recognizes this hub on the com ports for the PC, on average its about 15 seconds.  So I'll be sitting there waiting to enter my password like an idiot until the hub is finally recognized by the PC.  And its a really good PC, brand new, no problems with USB 2 or USB 3 except where this hub is concerned.
I bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity.  I had to replace an older D-Link USB that just didn't seem to work at all on both our mac's and PC's (I had two D-Link's).  I had hoped this Hub would actually work unlike the D-Link hub and it does the job great!I bought two and hooked one up to the PC and the other to the Mac and plugged 7 devices into each.  Everything worked and I did use the power just to make sure I could charge off of it if I wanted to.  This hub works perfect and the LED's look awesome.Very happy with this product and would buy same one if I needed another USB hub.  Of course I'm sure the 3.0 versions will soon start to proliferate but until then this is a great USB hub and priced well for what you get.
1. The USB ports on the sides are spaced far enough apart that I can use all the slots. And the one in front is great for the thumb drive.2. The lights are cool3. It works great4. It stands up most of the time! when I came into the office this morning it was on it's side but no biggie. I righted it and it was fine all day.The weighted base does make a difference and I think they made it as heavy as they could without taking away the portability feature.5. Did I mention it works great. My laptop had no problem going to sleep. It was instantly recognized. All the devices I've put on it have been recognized6. I don't know what one reviewer meant by it making noise. Mine is absolutely silent.7. I agree you need a scissors or knife to open the clamshell packaging no biggie.I liked it so much I bought a second one!!
A very good high quality USB hub. Windows recognizes everything you plug into this hub and, the USB ports are nice and tight.I will say in my opinion, for a USB 2.0 hub, the Cyberpower-CP-H720 is at the top of the quality hub chart. You can plug a DVD player or web cam into this thing and it will work perfectly. My only complaint is a lack of a method of securing it to a table top but I suppose double sticky tape will do just fine. The rubber base piece is removable so it can lay flat as well.
This is a really nice USB 2.0 hub. It works way better than the 7-port DLink it replaced. The LED lights are a bit bright, but for me it's not much of an issue since the hub lives down on the floor in my setup. I agree that it would be nice to be able to to turn them off though if it's too bright, just cover over them with a strip of tape-problem solved.I am impressed with this hub and would recommend it.Note-it is actually smaller than it looks in the pictures.
I needed a self powered USB 2 hub for my iMAC, and selected the CyberPower.It works as advertised and comes with its own plug-in power supply.  I can leave my Palm TX hooked to it even when the computer is off and it will charge it.  The only drawback is that the thing is loaded with eight LED's and they stay on whenever it's powered either by the computer or by its own power source.  If you have the thing in your sleeping area and are light sensitive, you'd have to unplug it.
I've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and I truely love it.  The only disappointment so far has been battery life.  Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.Why is this phone so great?  Simple.  It has it all.  This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
Positives: Bluetooth, IR port, VGA Camera, multiple e-mail accounts, speaker phone, more programs becoming available for Symbian O/S. I use Bluetooth for wireless headset and to make the phone serve as my wireless modem.Negatives: phone too big; voice recognition worthless, low volume from ear piece, IR port weak so TV remote control programs don't work well, slow menu's and response. Get Opera browser if your phone does not come with it since the WAP browser will only frustrate you (Opera has problems on this phone, but works most of the time). T-Mobile programmed the backlight in the display to turn off after a few seconds, although Nokia made it adjustable, and T-Mobile won't fix it.
This phone is flashy and feels good in the hand, but it could not hold a connection to any of my bluetooth devices (headset, handheld, or desktop computer). My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.If you hunt around the web, you will find many websites with people complaining about the lack of drivers for this phone and the cavelike silence from Nokia when asked for help.If your needs are limited to making phonecalls and taking snapshots, this phone will probably satisfy you. If you need Bluetooth, stay away.
I received this little gem for Christmas and now I refuse to speak into the phone itself.  This BT enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone.No more complicated setups.  As soon as I turned this on, my Nokia found it, recognized it, associated it, and I was speaking into it.The battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on.Once you use this product, you too will never go back to speaking into your phone the old fashioned way.
I've been using my Jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it. I bought it primarily for use while driving. It's very comfortable to wear. It has performed extremely well in the car. At times, I've used it at home. The range of the headset is quite good, but I get more static in my apartment. From time to time, I lose connection with my phone. I suspect that it's more a problem with my phone than with the headset...I only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where I (and perhaps most people) will use the headset. In any case, I can highly recommend the Jabra headset.
I bought 2 of these headsets (one for me and one for the girlfriend) on recommendation by my Cingular sales guy. It was either the BT250 for $80 or the Moto HS810 for $99.Not knowing too much about Bluetooth headsets at the time, I opted for the BT250. Two weeks later and I'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.It took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear, but I'm sure most, if not all, Bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience. The other minor inconvenience are the buttons; they don't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky.If it's one thing I would REALLY like, then it's a replaceable [rechargeable] battery. I'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.Regardless, I have found the BT250 to be a better value than the HS810.
Paired with a nokia 6230. Awesome headset. The battery life is pretty long. It feels really light on your ear and the sound is excellent.Some of these people must be going deaf or something because this thing can get loud. I never have the volume at max when I use this. And if this thing feels heavy on your ear, you must have ears the size of nickels. Or you're using two of them on the same ear...i don't know.Whenever I use this I sometimes forget I have them it until the unit rings... which makes me twitch because I'm not expecting a ring blasting thru my ear.I hate:-wind noise. You can't carry a conversation when you're driving with the windows down. or walking and the wind blowing in your face.-voice dialing may or may not work.-it makes my phone hang and reset. but that could be a phone problem in general.-30 feet? more like 10. 15 at best.
The light works exactly as expected.  As long as you are using your headset then the light will indicate that you are on the phone.  I do wish that the lights were a little brighter, or possibly multicolored.  We have an individual in the office that is color blind to red, so that would have been a nice touch.Also for obvious reasons, if you are using your handset, this light is not on.  I wish that the lifter had a feature that recognized when the handset was lifted by hand.  But that is a wish, not a product defect.Overall, I am happy with this device.
If you don't have your own office and/or you have co-workers who have a tendency of indiscriminately interrupting, pointing to flashing lights will effortlessly embarrass them into not interrupting you when you are on the phone!  In my case I bought the light as a courtesy to my co-workers; I am the first one in the office to wear a headset and they were uncomfortable approaching me whenever I was wearing it.  Now there is no question whether I am on the phone or not.  Easy to install, plug into lifter and place for greatest visibility (cord is about 5 feet long, secure with screw or double stick "squares").
Amazon continues to ship this antenna with the Wilson Electronics Sleek Booster, and it is not the right antenna. Wilson has told them many times they are shipping the wrong antenna but they continue to do it. This was very frustrating and caused me a lot of grief as I was not able to get on the Internet for a week due to Amazon's problem. I am returning the whole package to Amazon even though Wilson Electronics was able to send me an adapter in the next week or so, but the primary reason I purchased this product was to use over the Holidays where the place we were staying had little reception.  Not being able to use my smartphone hot spot really made me angry.  There is not excuse for this as Amazon has been told many times by Wilson Electronics that they are sending customers the wrong product.
This didn't do much for me. Unfortunately, it may not be the blame. Ironically, I have a home repeater system after trying a couple of quick fixes (I thought). This was an upgrade to a combination home and mobile solution I tried first before realizing the specific product to get the results I needed for my whole house solution. So in the mobile world, I'm sure this would be helpful. It is the system as a whole that needs to be configured to a need which includes area of coverage, location, type of usage, cell frequency and more. So in putting a system together, for a whole home solution, you'd be wise to call on the manufacturer rather than putting pieces together which may not 'fit' the performance or compatibility of the other components in the system.
I have been using the HS810 for 9 months now. I was initially very impressed because of the small size and its being relatively stable with a number of different phones. (The early blue tooth standard isn't really as "standard" as one might hope!) However, it has proven rather fragile. Within 2 months the plastic case began breaking next to and inside the hinge for the on/off switch.  Did not impact usability so I didn't care.  For the last several months it has been hard to get a good connection witht he charger (several of my colleagues are having similar problems).  The headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked. I keep the unit in my briefcase, so I don't know why it is proving as fragile as it has.  If you can use it (or the similar HS850) with some assurance that it will not be crushed, it is a good choice.  Otherwise, I suggest looking at other designs.
This might be the most comfortable BlueTooth headset out thereHowever, I've been very upset with connection speeds and call volumeMost people say that they can hear me very well ----- however, the connection speeds take forever to establish ---- in addition, the call volume is simply too low to even use it regularlyI use a Treo 650 --- I've heard that this headset works excellently with Moto products - your mileage may vary.....UPDATE: I have also tried the Moto 850 ---- sadly, it is really no better than the 810 --- there are some volume improvements, but the volume is simply too low on my Treo 650 ---- I recommend the Scala 500
I have had this headset for several months now, and not liking much about this headset other than its long battery life. This headset works OK, but the sound quality is poor and it does not function well in conditions other than perfect, ie. no background or wind noise, and very close to handset. I do like the feature of the headset turning off, when boom mike closed because thats where the battery savings comes from. Other than that I find nothing redeeming about this headset, I believe Motorola will discontinue this model because of its severe flaws.
This product appears to be a genuine original equipment Blackberry car charger.  It has the Blackberry name and logo on it.  The plate on the bottom of the cigarette lighter plug of the unit states that the electric output is 5 volts, 500mA (500 milliamperes or .5 ampere).  The plate on the wall charger packaged with a new Blackberry 8800 states that the wall charger output is 5 volts, .75 ampere.  Thus, it appears that the car charger produces two thirds the electrical charge produced by the wall charger (.5 vs. .75 amp.)This car charger is used with a Blackberry 8800 and has performed admirably and without any problems.  It costs a fraction of the price charged by AT&T; ($29.99), apparently for the same product.
Works as advertised.  It's a tacky pad that is non-adhesive and keeps stuff from sliding around on the dashboard.  Problem with the iPhone (4S) is that the back is a flat panel of Gorilla Glass and does not lift easily off the Sticky Pad.  Instead, it tends to lift the Sticky Pad off the dashboard by sticking itself to the back of the iPhone.  I'm sure the problem would be solved by using an iPhone cover, but then if I did I wouldn't need the Sticky Pad at all.
I did take off a star in the rating because products like these are marketed in a slightly exaggerated way.There's nothing &#34;sticky&#34; about the product.  The pad is made of a specific material that is able to hold the objects in place while you're driving.  It's not perfect, but for the simple task of holding a cellphone, sunglasses, loose change, perhaps your EZ-Pass, it will do the trick.I place a camcorder there to film road trips, and for the most part, it stays put.  Like any other product of this type, if you off-road, drive over unpaved roads, or you intentionally drive abnormally, the contents of the pad may not stay put.Summary:  Just drive normally, and you won't have a problem.
I bought a similar one @ a local store & was surprised how well it held my phone, my sons phone & iPod.  I pd almost $6 & it is 1/2 the size of this one.  I needed another one & it looked bigger. Wow!! It's bigger, I have a. Portable fan even on one of these!!  I loved it so much, I bought another one. WARNING.... This has NOTHING to do w/ the product itself, BUT if u use this for your phone, iPod & it's HOT outside & u have this on ur dashboard... DO NOT put your phone or iPod on it!! My phone over heated!!!! Thank goodness it ok my phone.... But u live & learn. I also keep loose change on it... Glasses... Small toys stay too!!!!  Enjoy !!
Like so many other reviewers, I had this Think Outside Stowaway "collecting dust" as I had bought it for an older phone.  I was actually looking on Amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews.  So I found my Stowaway (quicker than I thought I might!), did not load the software that came with it (as the instructions tell you to do), but just decided to see if it would sync with my Playbook.  First, of course, I had to put 2 AAA batteries in it and, VOILA, it worked!!!  I am a happy camper!!!  As another reviewer said, it is surprising that some other manufacturer hasn't continued this concept in folding keyboards.
I just love this keyboard. I've used it with my HTC and now with my unlocked iphone using BTstack Keyboard from Cydia. The only issue is that it really needs an extra row of keys. The numbers and symbols are placed on the top row of letters (where the letters QWERTYUIOP are in the keyboard). To access a number, you need to press the left function key and the corresponding letter. To type a symbol, you need to press the right function key and the corresponding letter. I work in finance and many of my annotations need numbers and symbols, like 10% for example. For that, it takes a long time. I find it easier to type "ten pc" instead of 10%.I'll buy a new keyboard just for that. But besides this, the keyboard is just amazing. So if you don't need your numbers and symbols too often, I really recommend it.
First off, I have had this product since 2007 and was fortunate to catch it at a great bargain!!  Since then, I have not had one problem with it except when I forget to change the batteries!I have been able to successfully pair and use this keyboard with originally a Samsung I760, then a HTC Touch Pro 2 and now my Motorola Xoom tablet.  I was surprised that I didn't even have to download drivers, it worked once I simply paired it.Not having number dedicated keys was a sacrifice but I can type memos, emails or simply work on a novel at anytime conveniently by having this portable keyboard.  The keyboard itself is very durable and has a sturdy feel when you are typing.
I purchased this product to send over to my wife who is on a trip, and complained about typing on a Blackberry. I thought I better install it before sending it after her, so I could guide her along. No PC where she is, so I tried to download as advertised. Result: Page Not Found.Company advised that since this is a discontinued item (?) they took down the support pages.This would not be an issue normally - you can install the driver from a PC.It is the principle that a company can maintain a manufacturer's description while not the web page to support the claim...You know a manufacturer is a scumbag when their feedback/survey link gives you an error message back...If any doubts read the blackberry link from the bottom of the review page, or click on the one star reviews. A shame
Great sturdy design in every aspect. After pairing, it features flawless instant connection to your device every time you open it. A keeper for long, its quality shows it'll last for ages.I just wish iGO would start working on supporting Windows Mobile 6. It does perform as a keyboard should and it does carry out it's core functionality; but, I can't find the drivers for my device or any other WM6 device for that manner. I am currently using similar ones which, though do allow the device to work, don't allow all function keys to carry their purpose or softkey support to be accurate.
Once you get a keyboard for your pda / smart phone, you won't go back. This keyboard communicates via bluetooth and does a great job at turning your small device into a productive tool you won't want to be without. I use this keyboard with my Palm TX and it does a fabulous job during meetings - it's small (smaller than a notebook), VERY portable and reliable. the entire keyboard as well as my Palm PDA fits into the pant pocket of my cargo pants / shorts. You really can't get much more portable than that.To use you invoke a 3-button key combination to help it initiate contact with your device. Once connected, you'll be off and running. My Palm TX will only stay on at 1-3 minute intervals so the only thing I don't like about this combination is that I have to keep hitting a key once in a while so my Palm doesn't shut off. This of course is a design flaw of the TX and not reflective of the keyboard.
This keyboard fills my left pocket and my "Ultra mobile PC phone" fills my right pocket.  This keyboard allows me to type at normal speed on a device I can keep in my pocket, and I was astonished to see that it would have even worked for text messaging on my older phone, the Nokia N-Gage.  If you have any HTC phone or any phone that supports bluetooth or this keyboard, or even a PDA, I highly recommend this product, although it is costly.  Pair it with anything that can run TextMaker Office for WindowsMobile and you have a meeting powerhouse in your pocket that can tackle the best college note taking in a much more mobile manner than a laptop, since you don't need to take it out of a bag, plug it in, and otherwise waste time.  I also suggest pairing it with the mouse by the same company for the same purpose.
For the money, this is a great item and a must have for mobile road warriors. I am using the iGo keyboard with a Blackberry Curve (8300).Like others have said, there is a nasty sticker that covers both the outside cover and the keys that may never completely come off. When peeling it off the keys, it feels like the keys will rip off their fragile posts.Also, as is common with Bluetooth, getting the two devices to communicate with one another can be tricky. I haven't used it a lot yet, so maybe I haven't figured out the right combination of button presses. But I hate when things don't simply "work."The keyboard is fairly solid and certainly easy to type on, especially if you're accustomed to typing on a laptop. The keys are marked with several shortcut functions to launch tasks or apps.This is a great item for anyone who wants a lightweight substitute for traveling with a laptop. While sitting in a hotel room checking e-mail, this is all you need.
I received the item in a timely manor, but the best thing about this product, was the outstanding response I received by the seller. It was an excellent purchase experience and excellent customer service.  I would buy from this seller again.  I was unable to make the item work with my blackberry 8310, and the seller provided me the opportunity to return it for a full refund, however, my life got busy and the time alloted to return it expired, but that's my fault and not the seller.
Works great with my Moto Q.  Typing sound is annoying but easily turned off.I also caution that you should probably store the batteries uninstalled.  I put a brand new set of Duracells in it and they were dead a month later with almost no use (Just sitting in my briefcase)  I discovered this at the start of a 5 hour flight and fortunately was able to cannibalize a set from my MP3 player.  This only happened once so I can't say for sure that the keyboard sucked them dry.What really annoyed me was the "Fold and unfold" sticker which had some sort of industrial adhesive.  What a stupid thing to use.  It took me 25 minutes with cleaning solvent to get that darn thing off.  Also the black vinyl zippered pouch stinks like some toxic chemical.  If not for those two things I'd rate it 5 stars
Long battery life, connects quickly to phone. Phone callers can't even tell I am on a BT headset, no complaints of inablility to hear my voice will on a call. It is not for people with wide necks, does not stretch much. Can slide back when active and the earphones are not in your ears. Otherwise light, controls are easy to reach and distiguish. I have the similar LG HBS730 but prefer these due to the ease of finding the buttons you want but prefer the flexible neck of the LGs.
I bought these to replace my LG headset which kept dropping audio during phone calls.  The sound quality is very good.  It has a longer range than the LG. Overall very pleased.  The software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the LG, it doesn't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time.  When it announces it is connected, if two of your devices have bluetooth on at the same time, you don't know which one it is connected to because it does not identify the unit it is connected to.Overall, though, I like them a lot.  The sound quality is very important to me and I wear them a lot when I am listening to programs on netflix and for my day-to-day phone use.
Pro'sUnit has great range.Comfortable in the ears, can wear it all day.Battery life is awesome.Mute function make this very useful for someone that spends a lot of time on the conference calls.Con'sLasted two months and now will not turn on anymore. Trying to get motorola to fix it, but no help so far.Audio books may have issues. The headset will cut out during short pauses and makes you lose out on a few seconds of the story as it reconnects. Only certain books caused this behavior.If it did not quit on me I would certainly recommend it as a phone headset.
It's so so.  Not as comfortable as advertised and hugs your neck which i hate.  Has great sound but  is quite plain. I own an older LG model bigger for guys my size.... Has more control buttons for the different functions compared to the 2 buttons the Motorola has.The off/on button is in a bad place, every time I lay on the bench to lift weights I lay on the button which shuts it off ...Poor design. I wouldn't say not to buy it but a gadget person as myself I prefer the LG so I returned the Motorola and ordered a newer LG model ..
I bought these after TWO sets of LG Tones broke on me. I like these a lot. Very comparable to the Tones. What was most important to me was battery life. I used these for listening to sports and talk radio. I have wired buds for listening to music. The only two complaints I have with this item is: the neck band is kinda tight in comparison to the Tone. Not as easy to get on and off. However, they don't move around as much as the Tone's. My second complaint: the on/off. I have to take the headset off to access the switch. The Tone's switch is a much better setup and easily accessible. All in all, I would recommend these. I am hoping the quality is better than that of the LG Tone.
I just love this bluetooth headset. It was so easy to pair up with my new Sidekick 3. I did not have to do anything except charge the headset and then turn it on. Thanks again Amazon.com for providing me another great product at such a great price. The sound quality is outstanding. People on the other end just know that I am talking on a landline phone until I tell them that I am on a Bluetooth wireless headset and they are astounded. I highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for a brilliant headset at an excellent price. The Motorola HS 820 is the bomb!!!
It's a great deal, so i jumped on it. But was truly disappointed. I've so far summed up Motorola products as well really really poor. I own a Razar, wish i could return that! But this headset, thinking it's from motorola would work well with my phone, but no. It's on my belt clip, and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away, signal is weak, and then disconnets. To me that's strange. It's also surprising that this happens randomly, so it's kinda annoying, b/c you can't anticipate it. Kinda annoying when driving, b/c you rely on the headset to work properly. Also get the static noise which is weird, b/c it shouldn't do that. especially when driving.
This was my first foray into the BT department. I first had this paired to a Moto v551 then later to a RAZR v3 Silver and Black. The only shortcoming I can find is the method used to turn the unit on and off. There are times you think you have the headset turned off, but in reality you just redialed the last person called. The HS850 is a better designe here, but thats the only "one up" the 850 has on this headset. The volume and fitment of this 820 are much better than on the 850. I have only had 1 signal related issue and that was due to me being too far away from the phone. Overall a great buy!
I'm using mine with the Jabra A210 non-bluetooth phone adapter and it works fine. I've used it in the office on my cellphone (handsfree allows me to type and talk with no wires) I use it in the car and it gives me great movement without wires. Very small clips around the ear and you don't even realize its there. Very pleased with this unit. I charge it overnight and it works all day from 530am till 11pm constantly receiving calls. I've had this for a about a week and I'll leave it on this weekend to see just how long it will last before running out of gas. I'm pleased with the quality of the Microphone and Earpiece. Can't believe just how well the mic works. I can shout and whisper and the volume is constant. This is my first bluetooth earpiece and I'm happy with it ! Some calls have slight distortion, but since other calls are crystal clear, I have to believe its the cellphone connection and not the earpiece.
I bought this from Amazon. I linked quickly and worked as advertised.  I found the various button modes difficult to keep track of and found it a real problem over time.My biggest complaint is that this device is too too quiet at maximum volume.  Obviously Motorola did not test their design in a car that had some road noise.  I found it only adequate in a quiet room.  I suspect it is the fact that the speaker is a long way from the ear canal.  I am wondering if an in ear type will be better in the long run.Save you money on this one if you plan to use it in a car.  It is fine if your sitting in quiet room.
At first, I was a bit leary about buying one of these, because I had heard that they were never loud enough unless you were in a very quiet place. NOT TRUE! I have to say I've had to turn down the volume on this before! Now, don't take that out of context, but this is a great product. I live in Texas and drive a loud truck, and I've been able to use this product driving down the road! I would definitely recommend this product. A great purchase for the money.
This headset seems to work fine, but the audio quality is nothing to write home about, to the person on the other end of the line you will sound soft and like you are talking on a speakerphone. They will also hear a lot of background noise. I am much happier with the Cardo Scala 500 Bluetooth headset. It has much better audio quality and even comes with more stuff for about the same price.And, you may not really *need* a wireless bluetooth headset because you can just use a wired one or use your speakerphone. But I admit that it's sort of cool to be totally wireless-you can put the phone in your pocket or purse and be totally unencumbered by wires, which feels a bit safer and freer, especially while driving or when you have to work with both hands and talk at the same time for example.A note about the battery-do not store this unit (or your phone) in a hot car! Heat damages batteries and shortens their lifespan.
I bought this to connect walkman type gadgets to my car stereo.  It worked well at first, but the wiring quickly started having problems.  The sound would cut out and I'd need to mess with the cable to find a position where the wires inside would be touching correctly again.  After 8 months, the wire is now completely detached from one of the plug ends.  Maybe the heat of my car played a role in the breakdown of the cable, but if that's how you're planning on use it, don't be surprised if it starts shorting out on you too.
The concept of the phone is terrific.  I have to use a 2-way pager for work, and instead of carting around a cell phone and bulky pager, I now just have this one small item.  And while I didn't think I'd really use it, the Bluetooth functionality has definitely sold me.  I can use it not only for a wireless headset, but to connect to the internet and to transfer sound files back and forth as well.The software of the phone seems to be a bit buggy still, unfortunately.  When I lock the keypad, I still sometimes hear tones when the keypad is pressed and the display lights up.  The menus are sometimes slow to respond, delaying as much as 2 full seconds (doesn't sound like much, but it can be irritating).Overall, I'd buy the phone again without hesitation, but I'm an early adopter.  If you're willing to put up with the occassional buggy behavior, I'd definitely recommend this phone.
The A630 is another ground-breaking handset design from Motorola.  It showcases the ingenuity of American engineering when you see the QWERTY keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight (4 oz.) cell phone.  It's stylish, too, and has great reception -- that is, where T-Mobile has coverage at all.  Compared to the Sidekick II and many other T-Mobile phones, the A630 has the best signal-keeping capability, but T-Mobile just sucks big time, unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers.  Worse, their GPRS (data) network is slow and congested.  While surfing the web on the A630 is really cool when the network is accessible, for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible.  We really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services.
it's the worst cell phone I had to date.1 this phone has 1 to 2 second delay when buttons are pressed.2 because of slow button key I kept doing and unding key lock/unlock several times to actually call anyone.3. battery life is only about 48hrs (standby) and defintly not 200 some minutes as what this phone's spec says.4. phonebook is pretty messedup. phone book name displys only first half of first line, although it allows you to enter two lines.5. on/off button some times takes second try.6. it's not straight forward to save work/home/mobile... under one name.7. phone charger connection is so flimsy that in certain position it won't charge. design is pretty messed up.8. 1/8" of color lcd screen is already dying only after 5 month of useage.9. signal is very poor. I'm sure this lot more to do with Tmobile.Basically slow and unintuitive phone.Bright side of all this is that Tmobile contact is only for one year.
Pros:1. Compact in Size;2. eye-ball-absorber design;3. Good bluetooth connection (w/ HS820 headset);4. Convinient input keyboard;5. The screen is clear enough to show a vivid picture;Cons:1. battery is toooooo weak. A full charged battery can only last for one day (with normal amount of incoming and outgoing calls and without any other devices connected). A lot shorter than they claimed in the description (6 days in waiting mode)!2. A little bulky compared tp other camera phones(like samsung);3. The phonebook is a little different from all the other brands;4. System freezed up once when I input phone numbers with bluetooth device connected. I have to reset it by taking the battery out;5. No zoom function with the build-in camera; Can't observe the picture from front small screen when taking photos with the phone closed;6. No software; Just one Java game come with the unit. No choiceother than purchasing more on line.
I have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the 1990s. I know that they made a big difference in my older phones that had physical antennae&#8217;s which needed to be pulled out of the phone.  Since the phone antennae&#8217;s have changed, I haven&#8217;t been able to notice any significant improvements with these installed or without them. I install them now because I got some for free and this is probably what they are now worth. The level of improved reception is about as noticeable as the loss of cash that I paid to get these free signal boosters.
I really enjoy this device--being able to check email and blogs and send IMs while out and about is really nice. However, it's kinda huge compared to a regular cellphone, and I found that to be a bit of a drag. My service agreement seemed kind of pricey,  and the coverage was poor (I couldn't get a signal in my own kitchen, and I live in the middle of a big city, not out in the country) and in the end, I've shelved this phone for a smaller one with a cheaper monthly fee.
Pro's:Very easy to use.Qwerty keyboardOTA (Over The Air) software upgrades that add usability to it once or twice a year.Full buddy list loading for AIM and YIM.Synchs to both Windows and Mac computers.Large clear screen.Allow for export of web bookmarks.Use up to three Pop3 or Imap4 email addresses with it.Con'sNo external memory.limited camera memory.no Bluetooth.no spell checker for the emailNo Microsoft Exchange email support so no corporate email unless it is a Pop3 or allows you to login from the web.Overall an excellent device.
I have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone, and this one is the best. I'm happy to finally have a clear screen cover that works. For the past two years I wouldn't even try them, using only the anti-glare covers. Then I would get tired of the anti-glare covers because in my opinion they detracted from the attractiveness of the screen.This cover looks great; you have to look real close to even realize there is a cover on there (wasn't the case with previous clear covers I had used). Boxwave sent me cleaning supplies with the two covers - that made it very easy to apply without getting any dust caught in between. And finally, finger prints do not show up as readily as they do when there is no cover.Nice screen cover. Highly recommended.
Absolutely love this screen protector. It came on time and the product was just as expected. I love how it comes equipped with everything you need to install it. A wetnap, dry nap, cleaning cloth, and the flattening clip you use to even out the protector once its on. It looked very professional and my Galaxy S4 Screen looks SUPER vibrant and clean. You can not even tell that theres a screen protector. I would recommend this screen protector to anyone because the value surpasses the price. Afforable and efficient.
Oh my, crystal clear... stands up to its name. ..absolutely easy directions to follow... No lint. . my screen looks like it has no protector on it. I am very careful with my device, so I do not know how it will handle items scratching the screen or fingerprints..I received it quickly, and I didn't have to pay for shipping, plus because I bought one item, received this packet for free. It comes with two screen protectors. If you follow the directions, you should not need the other. I have purchased others, and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath... YES, I would recommend this item. ..It is a must have for your phone. ..
i like camera phones, but i can't believe this phone don't have usb cable to upload pics..i have to pay $.25 for sending each pics..Viewing all camera phones, this one is pretty nice..It's got flash, and it's got 4 different types of resolutions..It zooms in more than i expected..Other than camera, for contact list, it gives you to save #s, pic, ringtones for a person..I think thats good..i guess that's all i'm gonna say..Overall, phone is decent.For other viewers, if you wanna buy this, you should buy it now, and don't wait cause more updated phones will come out soon
Guys,I have used several of my friends bluetooth headsets (motorolas and jabras) and had decided I didn't want one.  Then I found the Mobile Freedom and read the reviews.  I know Logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so I tried it.  IT DOES EVERYTHING YOU HAVE READ!!  It's quiet in the wind, it's battery lasts for days for me, it's easy to use, easy to pair and the sound quality is awesome!!  Nobody could ever tell I was using a headset.  It takes a bit to get used to the ear clip, but once you do there are no problems.  It may be a bit heavier and larger than some, but then those little tiny ones that look so chic also have TERRIBLE reviews and TERRIBLE performance!!  Try it out, you won't regret it.
I bought the Logitech after reading numerous reviews on various brands.  I use the device with a Motorola V551 phone (Cingular).  It works geat!  It charges very quickly and the charger folds up in a compact fashion when not in use (the electrical prongs fold up into a recess in the charger). The unit holds a charge for a long time.  I left it in a drawer for a month, pulled it out and it was still ready to go!I use the device a couple of times a month on business, when driving, etc.  The windscreen is outstanding and cuts out noise even when driving with the window open.  some people complain about the ear piece.  It seems fine to me and you can adjust it easily, but keep in mind any headset is an annoyance when you first wear one.  Then it becomes second nature.the sound is great, the phone detects the device quickly, its fairly comfortable. All it all it performs just like a device twice its price,
Its the only bluetooth headset I've used, so I don't have anything to compare it with.  Has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone.  Sound quality is good, some people say I sound far away, I'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq, we'll see if that helps.  It was a little tight for me at first (big ears), I was able to bend the part that goes around the ear a little and its much better now.  Great battery life.Would be nice to have an external ringer on it, so I could hear it ringing or vibrate if I were away from the phone.  Good range 15-30'.
i had bought the motorola HS820 before this one for $80. i have a motorola V505 from at&t.; the motorola worked pretty well, but i thought $80 for a bluetooth headset was way too much. i returned the motorola and picked up the logitech instead and for 1/2 the cost, i was just as happy.it fits a little awkwardly on my ear, but so did the motorola, so i am thinking my ears are the problem. call clarity and voice recognition is good. battery life is good. weight on ear is good. overall, i am pretty impressed!i wish there was some way to adjust the tightness of the earpiece as it feels kind of loose on my ear. would also be nice if the "on" button wasn't so small that you covered it up with your finger when you turned it on, making it hard to see the flashing blue light.whenever i use my microwave, it makes the bluetooth connection drop. just warning ya'. ;)
the "behind the ear" thing just broke...I baby my stuff and treat it VERY lightly, and this piece of junk just fell apart!!!Very dissapointed!!!I should have made my additions to this review long ago, but Logitech cam through for me on this headset in a huge way! They immediately sent me a replacement of the headset, but not just a replacement, an $85 replacement! Then told me to keep the broken one, which I was able to fix with some Krazy Glue!Really incredible customer support...I will never hesitate to buy something branded with the Logitech name!BTW, 5 stars on the earpiece itself once it was repaired with the glue.
I'm a great believer in spending as little as possible on glitz,bells and whistles, and generally go for performance and practicality. Sound quality and features are fine for the price.  But the unit is quite difficult to wear -- the boom is wide and boxy; the weight is unbalanced, as well.  I could not get a comfortable fit.  My ear is well within normal range of size and shape, but was bent out of shape by the headset.On the positive, wind noise and lost connections -- common criticisms of other BT headsets -- was not a problem here.  If you don't care about medium to long term fit and comfort, or the aesthetics of walking around with such an large unit hanging off your ear, you may be happy with this headset.  I wasn't, and am returning it.  I'm going to give the Cardo Scala a try;  if it's no good, I'll probably go with a Jabra, and spend a bit more money.
I was a bit skeptical when I saw the price and read some reviews but I thought hey its Logitech it must be good.  I was right this headset is very comfortable compared to another headset I just bought.  The ear speaker is loud even to the point that I don't have to have it on the highest setting.  The mic was the thing I was worried about though, so I called my friend's cell phone and talked to myself and I was pleasantly surprised with the sound volume and clarity.  Also I haven't had any complaints from other friends I've talked to with the headset.  It has been my experience that Logitech makes the best wireless devices for the buck and they didn't let me down with this one (second Logitech wireless devices in two month; I also bought their xbox controller which is definitely also worth the buy.)
The sound quality was excellent, but the earpiece is flimsy and irreplacable: terrific electrical engineering, poor mechanical engineering.I loved it when it wasn't broken.  Even wind didn't seem to bother the headset much.  The voice quality was great on transmission and reception.  But the earpiece is incredibly flimsy and can't be replaced.  I got a new headset the first time on warranty.  The second time it broke I could have gotten a free replacement again but I didn't want the hassle.  I have a Scala now that I've been using for months and I'm very happy with it, even though the sound and wind-immunity doesn't measure up to the Logitech.
I have used it now for 2 weeks with a RAZR V3 and I am satisfied it works as advertised. It was very easy to pair the headset with the phone. The sound is good even in noisy environments. The headset is light, confortable and fits well.My only complaint is about the smart button used to turn on/off, answer, dial and pair. The button is also a LED indicator. The LED flashes diferently (different colors, intervals) for various modes but it is difficult to see the LED while pushing and holding the button. After a few days I got used to it and now I know how long to hold the button down to switch on/off, pair or use voice dial.At $42 it is a good deal.
I have been using this for a month.PROS:It is a good value.  It works really well, and it lasts a very long time on a charge.  The WindStop feature works very well.  People have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball.  It stays on the ear well but is not uncomfortable.CONS:The unit looks okay but is less attractive than some of the other high-tech units on the market.  3 of my co-workers have commented that it looks like I am wearing a phallic symbol on my ear, which is really not the look I would like to achieve.
We bought the Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter to go with ourPlantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. Using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.Setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.Like our Plantronics Headset, this has passed the test of time and I would buy a new one if it failed today.Highly Recommended!CFH
There isn't much to say here.  For the phone system I have, this was needed to enable the remote functions of the  Plantronics-CS540 Convertible Wireless Headset.  It could be more aesthetically-pleasing, but as I'm sure it's designed for a wide variety of phones that need a remote lifter, I suppose you can't complain.Mounting the unit can be tricky.  You need to be certain it will work properly before you use the sticky tape to mount it in place.  So, you wind up holding it with one hand while working your headset to activate/deactivate it several times to be sure you've found the right spot for it.Comes with a special headset adapter for phones with shapes that offset the lifter bar.
I used this phone lifter in combination with the Plantronics CS50 Wireless Office Headset.  It was a powerful combination that allowed me to answer my phone up to 300 feet away from my office. This lifter fits onto your phone base and lifts the receiver when you press a button on your remote headset.  You can answer the phone or hang-up when the call is completed without ever touching the receiver.The lifter came with a plug in mini-microphone ring detector that attached to my base phone and it allowed the base station to notify me when the phone was ringing.  The setup was quick and easy and the device took up almost no space on my desk as it attached to my phone.I spent thousands of hours a year on the phone and this device along with my remote wireless headset saved me a lot of neck stress and phone holding for hours a day.  This is a useful tool in any modern office and I recommend it to you.
I had to teach an on-line WebEx class. Normally I am provided a phone bridge. However, this time, they wanted to utilize VOIP only. I didn't want to use a normal head set with a cord tie'n me to within 6 feet of the computer. I needed 8 hours of talk time, I'm the instructor. This fit the bill. I let it charge over night and it's ready for the next day. I do put it back in the charger during lunch break. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is that my ear hurt at the end of the day. The piece that goes over the head to keep the unit to my ear put to much pressure on my ear. I will have to try the other ear adapters.
This is a usb wireless headset. just plug it in to your mac or pc and it sees it as another sound device , no drivers needed (xp or os x) I tested it with Skype on the mac and teamspeak on my pc . It comes with a sound api for windows for skype and a few others that allow the buttons on the phone to pickup or hangup calls , I did not try it out because I just like to use apps as is without special add ons ...The range is great , so if you skype and dont want to be tied to your pc then plug this bad boy in and your free to walk all over the house , same goes for teamspeak for the gamers out there.It was so pleasing for something to just work out of the box for a change! I tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess... This thing just works!
Set it up, it worked great for a little over 24 hours and the base unit failed to connect to my laptop. Returned and purchased a different item. Didn't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing.  Can't afford to be offline for as long as it will take to get this replaced.To be fair, I have used several Plantronics headsets and they were all great... my all time favorite is now 10+ years old and not compatible with Google Voice (though it does work great with Cisco IP phone). I also have a bluetooth Plantronics Voyager headset for my iPhone and it is also very good.
I use this product for skype calls.  I found it to be the most high quality (but expensive) wireless headset for VOIP uses. I use it on Windows Vista and Windows 7.  The headset lasts a long time (all day) without charging, and I can go from my computer outside the house and half way down the street and I still have clear calls.  The ear piece is not as comfortable as I'd like, but after you wear it a while I think your head adjusts to the shape.Software install was easy, and setup was pretty no-brainer.  It has other functionality and adjustments that I do not use and have not had to learn about.I use this brand also for a regular phone headset on my work phone and absolutely love it.  I've found very high quality calls and battery life on every Plantronics device I've ever used.
I purchased this phone a few months ago and can truly say it is one of the best investments I have ever made! I had doubts on how comfortable I'd be lugging around a big phone like this, but that was short lived once it was in my hands. I get so much use from this phone, not only for the phone itself, but for the PDA capabilites. I have never been so organized and on top of things. The only thing is that it sometimes freezes when it connects with my Bluetooth, but it's a minor complaint and one easily overlooked when I look back and see how much this phone has helped me.
I am in love with this phone!First off, the Palm functionality is wonderful! The address book and calendar all work excellently, and the cross-functions are greatImprovements include SMS messaging, which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses, unlike the Treo 600The web on here is faster ---- the screen is crisperHowever, BlueTooth is the BEST new feature ----- wireless data transfer is, usually, quick, and the wireless headphones are greatLastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable --- however, ever since the system software was updated to 1.12, it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!Ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it, alreadyI am a former Treo 300 and 600 user, and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny, considering the bluetooth and software improvementsso buy it!!! - you won't be sorryPS - the Cardo Scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone
I purchased the Scala 500 as my first BT headset and I regret it. The company is v-e-r-y slow to respond to email messages to their support box, so call them, don't write.While the sound quality of the unit is very, very good, there are other issues with the unit. First, the fit on my particular ear is horrible... always feeling like it was going to fall off. I never trusted it walking through airports as it just didn't feel secure.Second, the unit literally fell apart in my hands after three or four months. The portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose, then broke off. I note that others have metioned the same thing. It just wasn't well constructed. Bummer! I've replaced it now with another low-cost unit made by Plantronics, but while I miss the sound quality of the Cardo, I am disappointed by their slow support and poor quality.
I had this headset originally, and then lost it.  After I lost my original, I figured I'd give a motorolla one a try, and purchased the most expensive motorolla on the market (H700).Using my treo 650, I COULD NOT HEAR ANYTHING people were saying, and got constant complaints that the people I was talking to couldn't hear me well.  The volume was terrible, and so was the sound quality.This headset is SO LOUD that i have to keep it on the 3rd from highest setting.  The clarity is great!  People think I'm talking on a land line.  For the $35 bucks, I bought a new one and chucked my motorolla in the garbage.IM SO HAPPY TO HAVE MY SCALA BACK!
Works well even in the wind.  Can't listen to music through it with my SLVR though, as expected.  I find I don't use it much though.I set up a shortcut in my SLVR for quickly enabling bluetooth when I am wearing my headset. If I have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music at all - through the built-in speaker or a cable.  But this is the fault of the SLVR.Update:  I dropped it outside, where it got rained on for two days before I found it.  Thoroughly dried it out and turned it on.  Still works!
Let me begin this review by stating that a lot of people have used this device quite successfully.  As for me, there were two main problems.  First, I found the sound level to be too low.  While it's easy enough to turn up the volume, the problem lies in the microphone being so close that it causes a major echo for the person on the other end.  The second problem I had was that I was never able to transfer a call from the device to the phone.  I tried to use this model for a couple weeks just to make sure but, after that time, I decided to send it back and keep looking.
Compared to Motorola Bluetooth headsets, this Cardo really rocks. It has much better mic and speaker sound quality and volume than Motorola. The Motorola makes me sound like I'm talking on a speakerphone while the Cardo is a bit better in this regard.That said, because the mic is so far away from your mouth, you will still sound very distant and a bit muffled. With this Cardo, callers still complain when I'm in the car or outside on a windy day that there is a lot of background wind noise.I ended up going back to the wired headset that came with my Motorola RAZR phone, which has much better audio quality and is not as cumbersome to setup during a call as a Bluetooth headset.
I use a nextel i730 and this jabra adapter fits on the back perfectly with velcro. (adapter is approx 1/8 thin)  The adapter has 3 tiny setting to adapt to different phones and I find setting #2 to work fine with my motorola HS820 wireless earpiece. This adapter works on Nextels direct connect and regular phone calls, my last adapter would not do the direct connect. So far I have had the adapter and earpiece on for over 16hrs with out a charge, while receiving many phone calls and direct calls during these hours. Can't wait till Nextel comes out with a bluetooth phone but till then, this is the only way to go!
I bought, exchanged, and then returned this unit.  Both units delivered to me would not turn on.  When I charged them using the supplied adaptor, the red charging light came on and a few hours later, the unit was supposedly fully charged.  However, when I attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button, nothing happened.  The unit never came on, could not be paired, and never worked.  I returned both of them.  I can understand one unit being bad, but two units that were shipped several weeks apart shouldn't be.When I called for technical support, I waited on hold for sometime, and then gave up.
I bought this item @ a local retailer, was happy cause i got it on sale (probobly clearance) well it worked 2 days then the wire going into the unit it self would get static if touched!  I can not find my receipt, so i e-mailed jabra & they are acting like this isn't an issue! wanting to know how many phones i tried, if i tried more than 1 headset, etc.... i will prolly get no where or if they do accept a return the S&H Charges will be stupid & not worth replacement!  Just get a nice wired headset, less $ spent & less headache!
I purchased this battery for a premium as it boldly proclaimed &#34;Li-Ion&#34;.  That purchase was before I noted that all of the other, more inexpensive batteries were also Li-Ion types, and also OEM.  My fault for not paying attention.  Be advised there are better prices for this exact item on Amazon, so please keep looking.This having been said, the item was shipped quickly, and arrived so fast that I almost had to duck.  I therefore have no issues with the seller, who is doing a good job.
I bought this Bluetooth as a back-up for my pretty pink Motorola H500. Therefore, I placed it in the drawer until I needed a replacement, and last night i needed it. I plugged it up for a couple of hours and tried to pair it to my new phone and it did not work. I then charged it overnight and again tried to pair it and nothing (not one indicator light). I plugged the blue-tooth back into to the charger, it had a steady blue light and i tried pairing it to my phone while it was on the charger and it worked; unfortunately, i can not walk around with a charger and outlet attached to my head. Consequently, this was a lemon and due to the months passed from my internet purchase, i am unable to return it or exchange.Therefore, the moral of the story is to test everything you purchase from the internet. I learned a valuable lesson.
This bluetooth is basically ok but the part holding on to your ear is very 'flimsey' and tends to want to fall off if u bend over so u have to keep securing it on your ear, which is quite annoying as I almost lost it a few times not realizing it was no longer on my ear...so it's a huge drawback for me. It seems to work ok otherwise tho sometimes I do have a  sound problem that is not present when I just listen straight from the phone without it...it's sometimes quite garbled. So this product for me though cute, is average in fuction.
The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:)  The H500 works fine with our LG Shine.  Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup.  The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why not 3 stars?  The volume control is hardly palpable.  It is hard to adjust the volume while in use.  Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust.  Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear.  It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear.
I bought an H500 a few years ago when it first came out. It was plagued with low volume and poor connection. After using a nokia bluetooth for the last year I got this one again because of the no cell phone laws in California as of July 1st.This headset is plenty loud with my Sony Ericsson T650i and I haven't had it drop the bluetooth connection yet. The volume sits a little below half and I can hear perfectly in the car. Battery life rocks and voice clarity is a lot better than I remembered it with the first H500.4 out of 5 stars because the ear clip is flimsy and doesn't allow the H500 to sit tightly against your ear. So if you're planning on using this while running or during an intense walk - don't count on it.Definitely recommend this as a great bluetooth device. Can't go wrong with the price!
This Bluetooth sucks. Plain and simple... I mean I paid, what, $15 for the thing so wasn't expecting the best but at least working quality. I always buy the Motorola H730 or H750 which are upwards of $60 but I always lose them. Always! It is a curse so I figured I would get a rinky-dink cheap one so I wouldn't cry in the corner losing out on a day&#8217;s worth of work pissed and distraught over losing my (what is this my 6th) Bluetooth. But with every call - EVERY ONE - it was unbearable static on my end so much so that everyone mentioned it. Hell, even the recorded lady on the voicemail was like this thing sucks! So yeah just spend the extra cash and go up a few grades because this was a lost cause.
I needed a BT headset for the longest time.....since I never used one and was getting worried that I may get busted one day.  I saw this on Gold Box and ordered it immediately for $15....how could you go wrong?It is intended for use primarily with a Blackberry Javelin (8900).  It paired quickly has held a charge for 2.5 days thus far (light-moderate usage).  My opinion is that it does what it should at its price point and I was not expecting a miracle.If you are looking for a BT set that has loads of noise canceling and voice detection..then this is not for you.  Look for a Jawbone by Aliph...The H500 is a model that has been around a long time and is perfect for my needs.  I just wish it were a bit louder and thus I am giving it a 4/5.Great value, great item.
This is my first bluetooth headset so I don't have anything to compare it to, but so far it seems to be pretty good. It's small, very lightweight, and comfortable. It's hard to judge the comfort of this device unless you try it yourself because everyone's ear and head are different.I'm using it with a Motorola Razr V3m from Verizon. It paired easily and quickly. The connection is a little crackly even right next to the phone, which surprised me, but it's not so bad that it takes away from a conversation. Naturally, the further you get from your phone the reception deteriorates. Volume and clarity are fine and sound just like holding my phone up to my ear.Overall it's a good headset and fine for my purposes. Only a few drawbacks: the volume and call buttons are a little hard to manipulate, and it would be nice if the unit could be held tighter against my head.
The #1 reason to buy (and keep) this phone is the slim form factor.  Let's face it - for guys who don't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager, a pants or suit pocket is the only option.  This phone is far and away the best one in that regard.  I forget it's there a lot of the time.  It is also built EXTREMELY solidly, and does NOT scratch easily, although the SCREEN scratches easily.However, the battery life is terrible.  I literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth.  You MUST get the car charger immediately.  Even though I had bought one on the internet, I couldn't wait for it because the phone kept dying so I raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord.The Motorola HS-850 BT headset is great but occassionally loses connection w/the phone, which is frustrating.The only reason I kept this phone is the size.
I origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710. Unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry. The v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software. Since this was the most important feature to me I am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710. To bad, the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me. If it had true nex technology voice recogition I would keep it.
I had a Samsung X427 before this and it was awful. Dropped calls, poor reception, wouldn't hold a charge. This phone changed my opinion completely. It does everything I need and then some, and the camera/video is a bonus. The only downside and the difference between 4 & 5 stars was that it did not behave well with my Jabra EarWrap-the remote button did not work-and the speakerphone is a joke. But speakerphone is not really what I needed, it was reliability and function.Really a far step forward-I recommend it for anyone needing a reliable phone.
My wife and I each purchased V551s with our migration to Cingular 6 months ago. In that time (during which the phone was never dropped, bumped, etc), I've replaced my phone twice, and hers once. The problems we've had include:- random "white screen of death"- Bluetooth connectivity problems (isolated to phones)- dropped calls in perfect reception areas- random battery indications- the infamous "Unable to Charge" problemAdd to that Motorola's lousy phonebook and UI, and retarded Bluetooth handling (e.g., if any BT device is connected, the same Moto default ring sounds, regardless of sound profile or caller-specific ringtones), and you have an overpriced, overhyped, oversize paperweight.I'm fortunate Cingular offers my company's employees discounts on new phones, so that I can go back to Sony Ericsson. My old T616 gave me 2 years of perfect service, even after having been dropped twice. It's on its 2nd owner now, who has used it for 6 months problem-free.
I owned one of these for about three months, then it started to fall apart.  It was $30 at Best Buy.  I haven't replaced it, as $30 is a *lot*.$10?  I'm buying two more.  I can be moving 20 mph on my bicycle, talking to someone, with no problems.  It has far better sound quality than my 'backup', which is a Jabra with no boom.  The ear volume is adjustable on my phone, and I'm wondering what phones other reviewers have that won't let them adjust the volume?
The only downside with this headset is that the first one I owned broke after about 2 years of use. First the ear "hook" piece broke off. Then the 2.5mm jack broke while in a plug - I'm only glad it was in an adapter and not my phone at the time or it would have ruined the phone.I bought another one and it works fine. Hopefully that broken 2.5mm jack was a one-time thing. Otherwise the sound quality and fit are great. The reviewer who says the ear piece is too snug should use a smaller ear piece - there are 3 different sizes that come with the headset for each ear.
I read other reviews before I've bought this battery and decided to try my luck anyway for 7 bucks :) so, I'm here to tell you that it works nice to me, I own it for the month already and still I have 3+ hours for talking and 3 days for stand by!!! Isn't it great?! Of Course it is :)I'm glad that I've tried it, I was even thinking if it won't keep the power for 3 hours for talking I'll need to go in AT&T; store and by original one for $40, the old one that was going with one kept the power for one and a half years. Will see for how long this one will leave.
I bought a different BoxWave Patent Leather Clutch with magnetic closure and was so impressed by it's functionality. BoxWave changed the style to a snap closure and I didn't realize it until I received it.I'm not taking stars away because of my mistake, but by the usual problem I have with snap closures. I have to spend extra time trying to snap it together because it doesn't just close on its own like with a magnet.The case also had marks inside under two of the stitches and shows mark on the patent leather as soon as I run anything slightly against it. I used this case once, maybe twice, had to return to the magnetic BoxWave leather clutch instead.
It's shiny which is pretty but that makes it a fingerprint magnet. Its just okay. I buy a lot of cases for my phones because I like to switch them out a lot. This one is nice for the times when you want a dressier case. For everyday I think I will stick with real leather cases from Zenus. They cost a lot more but they they wear well too IF you buy their real leather cases. The case cover creases if you accidentally run your fingernail along it. It's permanent crease. Its bulky so it protects but makes the phone too big. I used to love BoxWave, but this one is a little disappointing.  Why buy a cheap case for your $650 phone.
Samsung Note 2 lets face it is a large phone... Howeva I am all about putting it in nice cases. This case hits a stars. Has a credit/ID slots and a money slot - Love that - so I don't have to carry a purse. Plus the strap is nice to have on wrist while on the phone (you know how crazy people are now a days running by snatching phones, extra secure). Best parts phone is secure in case holder when flip case over open. There is an appropriate hole in the back of case for the S-pen removal. Also the phone button closes versus most magnetic closure cases out here.Only con: No Speaker hole in front to close case while talking on phone.Howeva regardless -- highly recommend. Might get another in another color.
Its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all. You have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse. Money part needs length to really pack some cash in. Id like a better cash compartment which is one thing I wanted in my purchase.  Id say purchase a cheaper product like this. Id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless.  Buyer be aware. Update. I stopped using this. The same day I got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking I was madly pulling at it. Needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces. Just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone.
I actually like this case a lot. I was worried about the price and it being a TPU and all. I have to say, I have a feeling this one is going to last a lot longer than the Spigen Neo-Hybrid I owned for 3 months before it broke. And even better, I can fit all of my charging and headphone devices perfectly, unlike the Spigen. It doesn't make the case bulky, as it may look. It actually feels quite nice in my hands. Overall, I really like this case. If that happens to change eventually, I will absolutely re-review it!
I have bought many cases for many different cellphones and this is the first case that compelled me to write a review.  This is by far, THE best case I have ever had.  It fits so perfectly, you'd think that it was meant to be a second skin for the phone.  and the fact that it doesn't add a lot of bulk, but feels like it will protect very well makes it that much better.  This case is worth more than double or triple the price.  I wish they made this exact case for every phone.  It would be my go-to case.  Please make one for the HTC ONE!
Does what it needs to do at an excellent price.  Fits well, seems rigid enough to prevent some damage, and the kickstand is a nice touch.  I don't know how well the kickstand will hold up over time, but works well.  The ridge around the front allows me to put the phone face down without it touching a table.  The case is pretty compact and still fits into the Smart Dock, although it prevents HDMI from registering.  So it charges and goes into dock mode, but doesn't seem to sit down far enough to engage the HDMI.
The Boxwave case I bought for my Note II (Bodysuit) has disappeared from Amazon. This is the same case but with a uniform glossy texture.  I had a Boxwave case for my Note I and it was great.  This new case is even better.  It is thinner and more streamlined, and the buttons work even better.  This doesn't have cutouts for the buttons, instead it has well-designed buttons of its own molded into the case that push on the phone's buttons.  I like this because the buttons work just as well but they are protected at the same time from crud/damage.  Cutouts for the ports/mics/camera/stylus are placed perfectly and sized appropriately. Lastly, this case is made from TPU, which is the best case material in my opinion.  It's firmer so it stays on the phone better than the soft silicone cases and does not pick up lint or stick to your pocket, while still offering some cushion when you drop it.
I got the product very fast and it looks and feels great one the phone. However it did interfere with my cellular signal and brought my bars down from 3 to 1 and sometimes none. I started dropping calls and the people on the other line said I was fading in and out when I was able to talk to someone. I took the cover off my Note 2 and my bars popped back up to 3 and I had no problems with phone calls anymore. I tried it again to make sure it was the cover, and sure enough it did the same thing as before. I had my partner try it as he has the same kind of phone and it did the same thing to his Note 2. So I had to return the case for a refund. It is disappointing because it was a great looking case.
I'm very pleased with this case. One piece that slips on fairly easily. It's not real grippy like some but has enough grab that you can hold onto it. Goes in and out of my holder and pocket easy enough. The stand on the back works great! When the stand is closed it's flush with the back of the case so it lays flat. Some cases, with stands, have hinges and parts that sick out. The blue is nice and true to on line image. I really like it. The price is amazing!
I bought two of these, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  She likes going out without a purse or wallet, but would like to hold her ID and credit card on her, and she does manage to fit both cards in this case, but it is a very tight fit.I use my case to hold my ID card for work.  It is an RFID card that we use to badge in and out of the building.  I always have my phone on me and therefore, always have my work badge on me as well.  The case is very low profile and holds up pretty well.  It doesn't offer a ton of front or top/bottom protection, but if you're looking for a case to take out to the bar, or something to hold a credit card/id, this works great!
The case took almost a week to arrive. You buy a cheap case, you're going to get cheap case quality. Stay away. The inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all. Will scratch your phone. Looks as if someone dropped it in dirt. Could not clean whatever gunk was on the case. Thank God it didn't scratch the aluminium on the case. A credit card didn't even slide all the way down into the case. Good luck trying to fit two in there. Spend your money else where.
I purchased this charger to use with my Motorola Razr.  I already had one that is essentially identical, except my old phone (Motorola V5510 has a different sytle adapter than the Razr, which uses a 'mini-USB'.This product is inexpensive, does exactly what it says, which is charges the phone in a car using the auto's power/cigarette outlet, and it comes with a cute little Motorola 'M' insignia which lights up bloue during use.  At such a low price - I paid less than $9 on AMAZON - there's really no reason to buy a non-OEM charger.
This is no imitation. I bought a knock off because it was $15 vs. $30 locally. The knock off died in a month. I saw this, at this price, and figured I had little to lose. It charges my cell phone quickly, and does not heat up. Interestingly, the phone does not get hot either, as it did with the first charger I had that came with the phone, as well as the knock off. It is great, and so cheap, I should have (will) buy more. This is a no brainer. It is reliable and works better than what I have had. Not much more I can say.
This is the original Motorola car charger and is the only one you should consider. It works well and seems to have good protection so that you can start your car with it plugged in without frying your phone or the charger itself.The Motorola logo on the end of it lights up when it's plugged in, which looks very cool especially at night. I was pleasantly surprised by this as well as the performance and build quaility.I can't vouch for the company shipping it out promptly since mine was included as part of my RAZR phone bundle but I would recommend this charger to anyone with a RAZR or PBLE phone.
I bought one of these and the second time I plugged it in the light on the end went out and it stopped working! This thing is junk, there is no way to replace the fuse (if there is one) without destroying it. I tried to take it apart, but you can't without breaking it. If this is a genuine motorola product its a stupid design. Now do I break it open and hope I can get it back together or toss it??? I have NEVER had a problem with a car charger in the 10+ years I have owned a cell phone, that should tell you something! How do you screw one up?! You hire the idiot who designed this one thats how!
For a corded headset solution, this headset is excellent.  I use it with my KRZR.  Sound quality is more than loud enough and quality is excellent.  One of the main issues I had was that I always have the air vents going in my vehicles.  In the past, people on the other end of my calls always complained about wind noise, with this headset that isn't an issue anymore.  Additionally, the headset is very comfortable to wear.There is only one item to be careful of.  When I first tried the unit I didn't realize that there was a mute function on the control cord.  As a result I called a particular person a few times and they couldn't hear me.  Finally, I figured out what was going on.  Of course it was user error.  Oh well.I would highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for one.
This is the 8th headset I have tried. Most of the ones I have purchased work very well with a cell phone, but not so good on a cordless phone. Same with this set... Very comfortable to wear. I can hear those I call really well. Those that I call need to be able to hear me too! The volume on this mic is better than most I have tried, but is still low. If you are talking to clients on the phone all day, this is important. I have a good Panasonic cordless phone and have yet to find a headset to use with it that has a strong volume. Still looking.
Sound quality is pretty good.  The wind "technology" is not bad.  Stong winds, blowing sand etc,  is going to get heard with this.  But for the price it is comfortable.  For someone who has to buy special adapters to get Blue tooth devices to stay in my ear I am impressed with this.  I wish it had a call end button on the thing.  But the mute button is great.  I would buy this again.  And i like it almost as much as my jawbone.  Paring is not an issue with wired devices.....  ;)
OMG this has got to be the smallest piece of junk I have ever paid for :) really this charger died 2 weeks after I pluged it into my car.the charger itself is made of cheap plastic,light weight and just down right worthless. the 2 weeks I had it pluged in,it never gave my phone a full charge,i drove 63 miles with it pluged into my phone and yet still did not fully charge it.guess you get what you pay for.so if you want more,then you'll have to pay more.
I like how it just barely sticks out from the cigarette plug on my Passat, so I can close the cover when I don't have my phone chord plugged in.Even on the 2.1 port, the charger cannot keep up with an iphone 5S. With every thing off on the iphone (air plane mode, screen off, etc), it gave a 15% charge in 2 hours. That's 7.5% per hour.When using Waze GPS the charge drops from 100% to 90% in 10 minutes.I would not recommend this charger.
It works and has a low profile so that I can close the cigarette lighter door when it's not in use - two things I like.  My Android phone warns me to use the (Verizon) charger that came with the phone or charging will be very slow.  This may just be intrusive marketing by Verizon because the charger seems to work as well as any other and it keeps the phone charged when using it for GPS directions.  I have not used it for a tablet or iPad which requires more juice.
the smell, the smell, oh my god, the smell!!!!!! ok i had read the other reviews and i thought, &#34;how bad could it be&#34;.... can you say brainbusting headache bad!!!!, i had to leave it in front of an air purifier for DAYS!!! and it still had the aroma of a toxic waste dump... but in all seriousness the smell went away after about 7 to 10 days, &#34;or i just got used to it, lol,&#34; and it has made one of the best  ipad mini cases i have ever used... and i have used about 100..
I was unsure about this case, as I text a lot, and thought it might add too much for just sending a quick text.  But this has not been the case.  It holds 2 cards, an ID, and a small amount of paper money, but not much.  Its not enough to replace your wallet, but enough that I was able to replace my wallet with it.  If this style of case is what your looking for, then this is the case to buy.  It feels like its of a high quality, leather has worn well so far, phone does not slip out, does a good job of protecting the screen.  The only negative I can see is that the leather oils tend to build up on the screen and need occasionally wiping off, but this is a minor issue that comes with the full leather case territory.
It is not leather, and its smell is atrocious. However, if you're okay with leatherette, it does have some nice pockets inside and it's relatively thin/lightweight.I'd avoid this seller though (BoxWave Corp). Shipping is $5 and you will pay to return the item to them. For me, it was a total waste of money as the shipping costs alone are likely far more than the product is worth. I paid $30 for the case, $5 for shipping to me. I'll be sending it flat rate back. Bear Mountain cases are better, real leather, and cost less (about $20 for the iPad Mini).
I bought this for my father who uses a Nexus 4. The case looks and feels really nice and generally works well. However, there is one significant problem - the inside leather leaves an oily residue on the phone when closed. Suede and leather do need to have some oil retained to keep them in good condition, and while this makes the material look and feel wonderful to the touch, it is a bit of a problem when it comes to these kinds of electronics. The genuine leather on the outside is nice, but I think a synthetic inner lining may be more appropriate for this type of thing.
I love the case and it came 2 days early but there is some gripes i have. first of all there is a strong chemical smell as if the case was just freshly stained and second I had to remove the back of my galaxy s3 phone in order to get it to fit in the new case. and ive had it and been using it for 3-4 hours now and the smell is all through my house. it makes my throat hurt and im coughing so im going to leave the case outside for a couple of days and see if the smell goes away. I hope it does because i really wanted to use that case.I will update in a few days. if anyone has any suggestions on how to make the smell go away please let me know.update: ok i left the case outside for 24 hours and it seems to be ok now. but i still have to remove the back of my phone for it to fit. my phone is the galaxy s3 SGH-I747
This is a great case for the Samsung Galaxy S3 and BoxWave does a great job in making a quality classy durable product.  I love that it incorporates my wallet with my phone so that they are together instead of having to carry it separate.  It provides access to all the buttons, camera, charge slots, speakers and it makes it look not so obvious when it is closed.  Many people often mistake it for a journal, calendar, bible, etc.  I also like that it protects my screen in the closed position.  A great product.
I got one for myself and one for my husband.  The sound quality was good on either end, whether I was using it or I was on a landline talking to my husband while he was using it.  He loves it.  I gave mine to a friend.  I have smaller ears so the headset does NOT fit me.  If the ear piece going right into my ear the way it should, the headset rests above the top of the ear and falls off.  If I get it to rest on the top of my ear so it is on securely, the length going to the end of the earpiece is too long and extends below where it is supposed to fit into the ear.  Hubby likes his, back to square one for me.  Those with small ears, you might want to find a different style headset
This is the best bluetooth device I've tried.  It is lightweight, comfortable, easy to set-up, good sound clarity and it is a very well made and sturdy device.  There aren't flimsy parts that can break.The best thing is that the ear peace is fairly inconspicuous as it sits over your ear.  I really don't want to look like Janet Jackson in her Control video as I walk around town or the mall.The problem is in finding replacement ear gels.  They are not available on the Jabra site or on any other site.  I ended up back at Cingular (now AT & T) and they gave me a couple that they had in a drawer.
After having replaced my 250 3 times at the verizon store I asked to be given the 250V instead of a 4th 250, they did and so far so good, I think Jabra knew the 250 had some defects , each 250 i had died (stopped pairing) in about 2 months, the 250V seems to have no problems and works much better with my Motorola V710.The fit is great, and the sound is good, could use better noise cancellation, but oh well, maybe in a future model. But overall , I like the 250V. I recommend it to anyone. Just roll your windows up if your driving, or you wont be heard by the other end of your call.
I bought this headset at the same time as my Verizon Palm Treo 650.  Pairing was a snap, and it supported the hands free profile.  The call quality was great on both ends (however wind or car A/C caused people on the other end to have lower quality).  I only charged it twice - day one and one week later.  I used it for about a total of one to two hours a day on my commute.There was just one drawback, and it was a deal-breaker for me.  I wear glasses, and the bulk of the headset behind the ear made it very uncomfortable.  I returned the headset today after I had to end my call on the way home after 20 minutes.  If you don't wear glasses, this is an ideal bluetooth headset for the Treo 650.
First time I bought this to pair up with my jabra a210 bluetooth adapter.  Worked fine, except that the vibrate feature won't work.  Then I exchanged it for another one.  This time the vibrate works, but the call pickup button would not work.  It works for power up/power down.  But I can't pickup any incoming calls.  The button simply wouldn't work for that functionality.  I tried it with few phones and it doesn't work.  I already exchanged the jabra adapter once.  Now I'm sick of exchanging it.  I think jabra has bad quality control.  Someone in the quality control shd be fired!  Everytime you exchange something, you run into a new problem.
I've had this unit for about a year, it acts as an ear plug on the ear I'm wearing it on, and I can hear my caller even in strong winds. The audio quality is great. Since the microphone sits directly in front of my mouth the caller can hear me just fine and many times they don't know I am in the car. Since it's a wired unit, there are no batteries to charge and it's always ready to go. If you don't mind things in your ear this is a great head set.Update: Moved to an I-Phone from my Palm phone. I had to get a 2.5mm adapter to 3.5, The phone does not see the headset most of the time and won't route calls to it. Same with Blackberry Curve. I hope sure will make a new model for these phones, I miss using it.
I did my research years ago when I purchased this off Amazon. It's been the best headset for all these years. It followed me through 2.5mm cell phones to 3.5mm cell phones with an adapter. Sadly, the other parties can no longer hear me with it. I even tried a new 2.5 to 3.5mm adapter with no luck. I'm looking for a new headset and there's NOTHING like this one. Shure had it right and I wish they still made it. Not everyone likes bluetooth where it's hard to hear and be heard. I can't believe there's nothing like this on the market anymore. Jabra all has bad reviews and I tried a Plantronics one and returned it. I'm mourning the loss of this headset and wish it'd magically work again.
I drive a convertible and I have gone through 6 different hands-free devices that didn't work. Wind noise is awfully high with the top down, and my wife could never hear me when I talked on a hands-free. That is no longer a problem. The Shure works great! It is comfortable, clear sounding and best of all - I'm audible when I speak. If it had a "turbo" button, it would be perfect, but other than that - it is terrific. This is the best I've seen...
The only thing that I can add to the hundreds of reviews already posted here is my own experiences (we ordered 2 of these).Positives:- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- Quick charging.- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- Pretty good instructions.Negatives:- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- Being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.- The charging interface is not a mini-USB but some weird, proprietary plug.- If there is a way to attach this to the left ear, I am not aware of it.At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)
I have been using the HS850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit.  It pairs quite nicely with my Motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.  I find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.  I can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction.The HS850 that I got from Amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions, but I had no issues.  After being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.  The fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.  Are there better units on the market ?  Most likely.  But I feel that I've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from Motorola.
Seems like Bluetooth headsets are a very subjective experience.  I have a Treo 700P and I tried a number of different BT headsets before I settled on the HS850.  I have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine.  What sold me on this particular headset was the outgoing sound quality.  My wife, mother, and paralegal all report that this is the best sounding headset I have had.  It does a good job of avoiding background noise. I previously had the Jabra JX-10 and despite good reviews from others, I found the outgoing sound quality low when there was any background noise.  The only criticism I have of the HS-850 is that the incoming sound could be louder.
I'm not a Bluetooth techie, so I can't compare this to other headsets, but after a month of ownership, I can say it works great.My car has built-in Bluetooth, but everbody tells me that when I'm in the car it sounds like I'm under water.  Not so with the Motorola - I'm told it's crystal-clear.The only negatives I have are:* The multifunction button has no tactile feel - it leads you to press too hard, and too often.  This is especially a problem when you're walking or driving.* The flip out mic is nifty, but the headset tends to wobble if you shake your head at all.
I was one of the lucky few to get one of these free for registering my Motorola MPX-220.  I was skeptical to the whole bluetooth scene, but this headset quickly changed my mind.The device will easily last 3-4 days in standby mode with average usage.  The sound is excellent, and people who listen think I'm talking on a normal phone.  The range is great.  I can be about 50 feet away without a problem.The best part about the phone is the intuitive on/off.  When the microphone boom is "folded" out, it turns on.  Fold it back in, and it turns off.  Simple, yes.  But many other headsets require you to push buttons (or hold them down).  This makes using it a snap!I actually have one for my home office and another that I leave in my car.
I have a Treo 650, on Sprint PCS, with a firmware update of 1.08For the most part, I actually like this headset because it is very comfy, and people seem to hear me well (the comfort is a big deal, as I often wear glasses)however, this headset takes a long time to connect with the T650 --- a good 7 to 10 seconds on most calls (and by then, most people have hung up)in addition, the volume is okay in the car (or other isolated places) but forget about using it outside or in noiser environmentsI've heard that it works well with Moto products though ---- for Treo 650 users, I highly recommend the Scala 500, which has fast connection times and loud volumehappy shopping!!!
This is a terrific device.  I use it with my Motorola RAZR V3 and it works great.  I don't know what I did without a wireless headset.  Two things that could be better - first it doesn't recognize ring tones from my phone (but I think that is the phone's problem not necessarily the headset), and second, it occassionally will drop the signal from my phone causing me to scramble to figure out how to go from the headset to my phone.  This doesn't happen very often so it really isn't that big of a deal.
First of all, I love the idea of a cordless headset and I have a Motorola phone so I thought getting a Motorola bluetooth headset would give me the best sound quality. I think that the HS850 is a nice design but has flaws the actual ear piece would do better if it sat just inside the ear (Like an earbud) the way it is now sitting just up against the ear makes it difficult to hear your party. More times than not you have to press it against your ear. I also think that the users voice comes out a bit muffled and people complain that they can't really hear you. Lastly this headset needs improvement it terms of cancelling out wind noise. I look forward to future models addressing these issues. All in All I mostly enjoy this device even with the flaws.
This is the second HS850 Motorola I have purchased, and they both work great. (The first one developed a crack in the ear loop after three years, but it's still working and I use it as a backup.) These used to sell for $99.00, so at this price it's quite a bargain now. (I bought the "bulk package"... it's exactly the same as the first one I bought three years ago!) I like the fact that it's easy to turn on and off by folding the boom. I keep it in the car for hands-free driving. The battery lasts and lasts... and it's easy to charge. You can get a car-charger, too! I like the fact that Amazon guarantees a genuine Motorola product if you buy direct from them, and it was even more of a bargain with no tax and free shipping!
When it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. I'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. I found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. The fit was a bit loose but not a huge problem. The big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. The other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. I have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. This lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. Only one of the other 7 I tested did worse. (I also tested the Motorola H700 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)
I bought this headset to replace my HS820.  I previously used both the Motorola HS850 and the HS820 and had the same two problems with each.- Insecure attachment to my ear.- Insuffcient volumeWhenever I moved, the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off. They never did but it was still annoying.The volume problem was in part related to this. The contact with my ear wasn't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that I had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly.I gave it 2 stars rather than one because of the GREAT battery life.I finally bought a Plantronics 510 and have been very satisfied.
I have been very happy with this headset.  I use it with a Motorola RAZR V3.My last Bluetooth headset was a Jabra, and it broke after just a few months -- the power button quit working, so it was always on until the battery drained.I love the HS850 since it has no power button!  Instead, you just flip it open or closed.  It gets great battery life, since it's so easy to put it in standby by flipping it closed.I have also used this headset successfully with Skype on both Windows and Mac.  The only catch is that it can only be active with one device at a time, so you have to disconnect/release it from your cell phone, before you can successfully use it with Windows or Mac.  This makes switching back and forth between your PC and phone a bit cumbersome.  Of course, it took a couple of hours to get it working under Windows, but it worked first try on the Mac ;-)
I got this for around $30, and it works really nice. My only complaint would be my ear starts feeling sore after wearing it for awhile, and like another reviewer said, it is light enough that it feels like it might fall off sometimes. My husband who is a truck driver said he couldn't hear through it over the noise of the truck, but I can use it and hear through it in my car just fine. It would have been good if it came with a car charger too, but thats just wishful thinkin :)
I like the look of this headset, and I really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly.However, the Motorola HS850 performs much worse than my much older Logitech Mobile Traveller Bluetooth Headset.  Everyone I call indicates that I sound muffled, and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset.  Also, the earpiece speaker is not that loud, so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise (e.g., in the car).I just purchased this a couple of weeks ago.  I am giving it to a friend and ordering a different one (Plantronics Voyager 510?).
I got two of these.  One for my wife and one for me.  I can not tell when she calls me if she is on the phone or using the headset ( maybe that is more a comment on the phone :) ).The voice interface of the phone has more to do with how well this works.  On my wife's phone she has to train each contact she wants to voice dial.  Not very practical.  On my phone it just figures it out but sometimes I am not certain who it has decided to call.  We both end up dialing through the phone and using the headset to talk and answer calls.  (We both have Verizon WM5 PDA phones.)
I bought this to protect from scratches, from accidental dropping and to make my pocket not heavy.. This cover has proved satisfactory in all respects: I dropped the phone a few times already and thing happened. After using the phone for 9 months, it still shines line new - not a single scratch. It is very easy to put on and off. There are 2 minor issues with this:a) You need to take extra care when you plug on the charger, to make sure the phone charges - the leather cover comes in the way of the charger - after a few accidental "battery dying out", I learned to connect it properly to get a full charge.b) The elastic band/top cover comes in the way of the camera - so for taking pictures, I remove the top sleeve.c) Inspite of all the positive feedback, I still feel it makes the phone bulky, but the belt clip is very tough, and I don't mind the extra bulk to act like a cowboy.
This was my first clamshell phone, and I like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  It seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all Nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  The biggest issue is definitely the battery.  I am NOT a heavy cell phone user so I like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  This phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with MINIMAL USAGE.  I don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  Also, I am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but I am sure I would have become familiar with them in time.  I won't have a chance on this phone since I am looking to return mine ASAP.CONS:POOR Battery LifeWorse reception than previously owned phonesNot comfortable to holdPROS:Looks goodCompact
I owned the V300 and found it to be a bit quirky, strange things would happen when ever I charged it, when it was finished all the personal settings would revert back to factory standard. They seemed to have fixed that with this latest version of the phone. My understanding is that they have combined the features from both the v300 and the v 600 to make this phone. I've only had it for 1 week and so far so good I always enjoyed functions such as speaker phone, voice dialing and voice memos, now I get the blue tooth and a much better redesigned key pad along with video clip capabilities. All of this is good news! If I had to pick a down side I would have to say that I'm dissapointed that Motorola decided to make this phone look exactly like the v300. I like what the body of the phone feels like, but a change of color would be better, maybe silver.
This is a very nice phone.  Much nicer than my Razr V3 that I returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise... if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls (yes, this only happens when answering... NOT when making an outside call).  I like the color (and toying with changing the face plates) and the functionality with great battery life.  Its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go.  It is clear and works.  It is not super fancy, though it has a lot of fuctionality.  I am a bit disappointed that T-Mobile and Motorola don't have more choices right now, as I would have been happy to buy them.  Anyway, if you want a good phone with Bluetooth (BT), then this is a very good one.
Yeah it's a sim card and well my phone doesn't have 3G so I don't really care that it works with 3G because it doesn't matter.I don't know why they want reviews on sim cards. I find SIM cards outdated though, They are massive compared to Micro SD cards and yet they hold next to no information when compared.The only reason SIM cards are good is because they go in GSM phones and if you unlock your phone you can cart it off to another service provider without issue. Especially quad band phones.
Over the years, my household has tried multiple Bluetooth solutions for our hands-free communications needs. We've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into GPS...but much of our regular driving doesn't include the need to load up a full-size GPS. We've had acceptable results from a visor-mounted Bluetooth speaker unit, but let's face it: sometimes we want to hold conversations that don't include everybody in the car:-)The Plantronics Voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use. It fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity. Best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time. I can generally count on more than a week between charges, even during periods of heavy use.We liked this enough to buy three...one for each driver in the house.
We have tried everything from the moto-850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck.  To my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset. Easy to pair, easy to adjust volume, great battery life, very clear even with wind noise and city sounds around, and last but not least it has an indicator light that does not look like an emergency strobe (I hated my mot-850 for that at night it would reflect off the glass and the dash in the car or the side window and drive you insane...)All and all a 5 star unit
I have owned several Bluetooth cell phone headsets, and the PLT 510 is the best so far. It fits my ear perfectly, I can wear it for hours without noticing it, and it gives great sound. I had no problem syncing it to my iPhone, and although I haven't tried any other devices, I anticipate no problems.I only have two complaints:1. The on-off switch is very small and hard to use. I find that I have to push it with my thumbnail to make it work. If you have smaller fingers, you may have less of a problem.2. Plantronics uses a proprietary connector for charging, while other manufacturers are switching to mini or micro USB. A proprietary charging interface means one more wire to carry with me.In summary, a great purchase.
After using a low-end JABRA bluetooth for the past year, this Plantronics voyager is so welcome!  It paired easily with my phone and with the different ear cushions, you can have one custom for your ear canal.While I found it to fit easily onto my ear and hold well, my boyfriend who has his ears more flat against his head had a hard time hooking it on his ear and having it stay there without much adjustment needed.  Also, he said that it was too bulky for his liking, but I like it just fine!The sound quality is great, I can hear others well and I'm told that I come through very clearly.  I have had it for almost 2 months and only had to charge it once besides that first time and I use it everyday for 1-2 hours each time - that's good battery life!
I have owned this 510 for almost four years and have worn it nearly eight hours every day.  I have been very satisfied.  The cons for this ear piece are it does not block wind and background noise very well.  My ear buds are getting very loose after four years, so I am ordering another set of those.  I also ordered a new pro plus headset after watching the product demo in the wind tunnel.  Very convincing.  I will rate the new headset after I try it out.  At any rate, you can't go wrong with  the 510.
This headset generally works, though there was times I needed to re-pair it. My problems with it that are:1) Its hard to turn off - if you pay attention you can turn it off easy enough, but nothing like the Motorola H700 where you just flip the boom.2) It's big! It's comfy enough on your ear, but its huge in your pocket and since things stick out of it, its hard to get out of your pocket.3) Flashing blue light is way too bright! When is dark and I'm in the car, I keep thinking that the cops are behind me the way it blinks so brightly. It disturbed my passengers too.4) Wind tolerance - it's better than my H700, but its still too noisy to hold a conversation in any level of wind.I'm sending mine back and getting another H700.
The last Bluetooth headset I used was a Motorola something-or-the-other, and frankly I was underwhelmed. A few years later, I tried thePlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging], and it was amazing. For the most part, people can't tell that I'm on a Bluetooth headset!The Pros: Great audio quality! Good battery life.The cons: I only wish it had a better earpiece... on that really goes INTO my ears, like mySony MDR-XB20EX 9mm High Sensitivity Driver Extra Bass EX Earbuds. The volume and mute buttons are kinda small and hard to reach/press.Those are just small details though. Overall I am impressed.
This unit replaced a Motorola HS850 conscripted by my wife :-)It's better than the HS850 in the following ways:1) People hear me better.  Mic is really good.2) When the unit fits properly, audio amplification is betterIt's worse than the HS850 in that:1) it doesn't fit as well.  I find myself readjusting it throughout the day2) It doesn't synchronize instantaneously with my MPX220 like the HS850 did.  It always syncs eventually (15-60 seconds).Battery life is a tie.  Both are OK, but not as long as I would like (I've had to recharge mid-day a few times.  1-1.5 hours of talk appears to be the limit).
I've tried the Motorola ones and either I couldn't hear or the person on the other end couldn't hear (usually both).  I bought this based on a recommendation of a Realtor that swore by it, and to be honest, I have only had occasional trouble with it.  It's comfortable to wear, it's easy to hear, the other person hears me.  I wear it most of the day, on project sites, while driving, even at home.  It works as expected and I'm very pleased with the results.  If you need a bluetooth, this is the one.
This is my 3rd bluetooth headset and my 2nd Plantronics.Plusses: works really well with my phone, even up to 20' away. I've dropped it lots of times and it's holding up nicely. Easily adjusts to either ear. Turns on & off easily.Negatives: People complain they can't hear me on a regular basis (even when there isn't noise around me). Is awful with wind noise. Is much clunkier than my last Plantronics (330). My phone knows it's there but is often very slow to transfer over to the headset.Overall, I am disappointed with the headset - other than the range between it & the phone, it's is not as good as the Plantronics 330.
I've heard great things about this, so I tried it. Everything is great about it, except two things that made me want to return it.First, there is a little bit of crackling once my phone is across my body on my hip, and that is annoying to me because I've had some that never do that. I've noticed that Plantronics and Jabra tend to have this issue regularly with their headsets. The other thing is that it is bulky, and I prefer something a little more pettite.It does have good battery life and noise cancellation. So, it's a matter of preference when it comes to the things I disliked about it!
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak. The other person can not hear me at all.  So I contacted Plaintronics for repair.  Their repair process has no tracking, just sending in your headset to an address.  Two weeks later, I received a used one back, not the one I sent in, packaged in an OEM box. Although this one has better microphone than the new one I sent in, it battery is not very reliable to hold charge, also the battery portion is kind of loose.I can not recommend Plantronics product at all.
It took me just a little time to get used to this headset but I do love it. I have to admit that for the price, it works really well. Sometimes, it loses connection even though the power is on and bluetooth is blinking blue light, but if you reset it, it reconnects. Sometimes, I have not heard calls come in so reliability for me has been around 95%. I am giving it 4 stars because for the price and comfort, it works quite well. Watch out for battery drainage on the cell so if not using, make sure to power off the bluetooth Power On to Off. It is a concern not to lose it - it's small and without wires. I left it in the Juice store but it was right there when I went back (lucky me)!I highly recommend it overall!
Definitely a much better headset than the other two Motorola models that I also own -- it is loud, clear and the battery lasts a good two days between stand-by and light/medium use. It is a little larger in size but it is light in weight and comfortable for extended wear (3-4 hours at a time).There is one drawback, the unusual power cord/plug. After only 1-2 months of use, the headset started to not charge properly unless the plug is connected to the bottom of the headset just right.***10/2008***I liked it so much, I bought one for my wife. Unfortunately, hers die within 2 months with very light use. And, I mean 'light' -- it spent most of its life sitting on her nightstand. The light indicator went dark (not turned off) and it wasn't picking up her voice when she speaks into it. We returned it for a replacement and this one appears to be working just fine.
Item does work well as far as sound quality and setup ease. However ear loop is basically not adjustable at all, consequently making the ear piece itself to constantly work its way out of my ear and feel as if it were just hanging there... After days of pushing ear piece back into my ear canal and hoping the loop would give a bit. i returned it for exactly those reasons... Great sound quality and no one i spoke to claimed to hear any distortion. just didn't fit well with no possible adjusting available...
We have two, and we love them. They work very well, like much better than the Motorola's we had, and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive. Now, I will say that I switch back and forth between the smallest ear piece and none at all - with it, it fits better and you can hear better, but it starts hurting a little after a while, have to take a break; without it, I can wear it all day, but, it dangles a little awkwardly and sound is sacrificed, a little, but certainly bearable.
This is my second headset replacing the Motorola one that came with my cell phone.  People I call tell me that the sound is very clear on their end and cannot tell that I am using the headset - sounds just like I am talking into the phone.  That was not the case with the first one. I travel a lot and wear the headset for long periods.  My ear does not get tired or sore from having it on.  The headset seems well balanced and never seems like it is going to fall off regardless of what I am doing.  I also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket.
I purchased this for my self to use with my Motorola V3XX. I got home on the delivory day to find that my husband had fallen in love with it. He had allready paired it to his Blackberry. I had to purchase this one for my self. I have had only one problem and my husband has the same one. We are not able to walk more than 10' from my phone before we get the crackeling sounds and loose the ability to communicate with the person on the phone. We love the sound quality! We love the quality we get on he other end. The person on the phone says it all sounds great.
The sound quality is tops both at the sending and receiving ends. However, the ear hook is on the thick side. This can be a problem for ears that lie close to the head - the earhook pushes the ear away from the head. First, this does create a rather odd looking mismatched pair of ears! Second, it can become uncomfortable after prolonged use. It also poses a problem when wearing eyeglasses - one temple rests on top of the headset ear hook with the other at ear height. This causes the eyeglasses to rest lop-sided. So, buyer beware. The sound quality is great. The comfort issue could be a problem for you.
When I first got this headset, I originally rated it at 4 stars. I've had it for 5 months now, and I'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars. I really don't hear much better with the headset than I did the Jabra headset I had before; it's a little better, but not worth the extra $45.00 in price. The other party can hear me better (which I attribute to the longer mic.), but they also hear everything going on around me too. The noise cancellation feature is not great. Also, I find the earpiece hurts my ear if I wear it much more than a half-hour. The battery life, on the other hand, is great. I can go several days on one charge. In summary, I'm still in the market for a better headset.
i bought this one because of the excellent review, however, after pairing it to my Treo 650 and using it for a couple of days, i'm quite disappointed.  The sound quality is ok, sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time.  i had a Samsung WEP200 too and had better quality than this one, and Samsung WEP200 is about half of the price of this.  then there is the usability issue too, sometimes i hear the phone ringing, and pushed the button to accept the call and it wouldn't connect right away, had to wait several seconds to establish the link, the Samsung WEP200 and another Motorola ear piece i had did not have this problem.
This headset was purchased to replace a Jabra BT8040.  The goal was to get a headset in which 1) people could hear me clearly and 2) I could hear them clearly.  After having this Plantronics headset for over a month, I am very pleased with the purchase so far.  With this headset, I have had no complaints that callers can't hear me or complaints of interference.  Also, I am able to hear the caller well.In researching buetooth headsets, I opted for this one based on the performance review and price point.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to purchase another bluetooth headset because the last one I purchased, a Motorola HS815, was terrible.  People were saying that they couldn't hear me or that there was too much static.  I figured it would be the same thing next time.  Boy was I wrong.  This headset is terrific.  I will give you some pros and cons:Pros:ClarityEase of UseBattery LifeVery Comfortable to wearDoes Not Fall OffThe only con is, I sometimes have difficulty intially putting it on becasue I wear glasses.  I occassionally have to use two hands to put it on my ear correctly.I would definitely recommend this item.
I've had 3 headsets already, and each one had something about it that I didn't like. I hesitated to buy this one, despite the great reviews, because I wanted one that didn't give me the 'telemarketer' look. Top things I was looking for were: sound quality, comfort, and battery life. This unit delivers on all 3 counts. It sounds fantastic, it's really comfortable (especially with the Jabra EarGels on the ear piece), and the battery lasts a long time. Looking back, this is the one that I should have bought in the first place. Recommended.
I admit, I was turned off at first by the size and shape, but was easily won over by the quality of the sound and the comfort. This is as good as bluetooth gets.The downsides are the rediculously small buttons for power and volume, which are almost unusable for most, but fine for me.Today I thought I lost my headset. I found it in a parking lot, ran over at least once, in the rain for at least 12 hours. 10 minutes under a hair drier and it was working again! I will buy another when the time comes.
The Plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear for hours and doesn't feel like it will fall off your ear.  It mates easily to my Treo 650 and also to my Bluetooth-enable laptop, which makes it possible to use the laptop for VoIP calls.  Reception is good, volume is adequate and the people I talk with say that my voice is clear.  The controls are a bit stiff, as others have said.  But that means they have good tactile feedback -- you know when you've pressed a button.One marginal shortcoming: the 510's clarity isn't good enough for it to replace the wired Plantronics USB headset I use for dictating to Dragon Systems "Naturally Speaking" voice recognition software on the laptop.  But that would be a stretch for any wireless headset.Prices vary widely; shop around.
Works fine. But I'm still not happy. This is my third/fourth Plantronics headset.This one  bought for dual pairing with my LT and my cell phone.(iPhone).It works fine with both.I am subtracting marks for the followinga) Changing charger designs. Third headset, none of the chargers are interchangeable, so I always get the AC charger, but have to buy the car chargerb) For iPhone, this works only for the phone. Music will not work. Now I am looking instead at the Plantronics 855 Stereo Headset - do handle both = phone/music and still do dual pairing with LT
The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset is perfect in reception and transmission.- Ear piece & MicrophoneThe reception on the ear piece is clear and loud. The microphone works flawlessly to faithfully relay your voice to the receiving end without little or no distortion or muffles.- Bluetooth FunctionThe bluetooth provides rock-solid connectivity. I've never had problems with broken or sporadic connection problems.- FormThe ear piece is comfortable. It take some effort, however, to put on the headphone. It is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the "loop" open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear.The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset functions flawlessly. However, I found that the design of the headset makes it an inconvenience to put on. Apart from the flawed ergonomics, this headset is just about perfect - 4.5 Stars!
I waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good, and it did not show me that.  This is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch.  The battery lasts for I would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2-3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day.  The sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static. The only improvement that I can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you.  I just try to charge it every 1-2 weeks now before it dies and it is great.
This is a great headset but for one thing. The voice call feature on my phone quit working when I upgraded from Windows Mobile 5 to 6. I called the phone manufactor, the cell phone company, and the headset company. None know what to do, only it is incompatable with Mobile 6. Mobile 6 does not use voice tags on selected contacts. It changes voice to digital and looks for what you said. It cannot change the voice from this headset to digital. It works great on answering, not calling with voice. It works great with calls that dial out also.So make sure your headset is compatable to Mobile 6 for voice calling. Of course this assumes that your phone can make voice calls.Again, it works with Mobile 5
The reviews available on this product from the amazon website really helped me make a great decision.This model may not be the "latest" technology but it's enough for me. I only use it in the car because of all the issues that have been raised about driving safety. I feel better with both hands on the wheel, both eyes on the road.I'm not a device geek but this really works for me and the few requirements i have.Simple to use, I set it up in 10 min max.Fits fine, but I do activate the connection before i go down the road because the buttons are small and can be difficult to activate if you already have it behind your ear.
This was the best Bluetooth I have owned because of performance and more importantly the fit. It was very comfortable on my ear and inside the ear, and I could keep it on for hours and not even remember it was there. Sound quality and features are excellent and worked as advertised. I have used with various phones. I used it every day for about 2 years until it started to break at the hinge. I used to just stuff it in my purse without a special case or protection, so I am not surprised it finally gave in. I see this product being sold for a lot of $$$ now, but I don't think I paid more than $40 for it. So it was a great deal and a great value. If I see it on sale again, I would buy it.
This is only my 2nd headset, and I much prefer it to the Motorola HS850.  It stays in your ear and has plenty of volume to overcome road noise in a car.  However, when my headset is on for extended periods, it sometimes experiences problems (will answer calls but not transfer them to the earpiece).  Turning headset off then on again fixes this problem.  Battery life and charge time seems excellent, but I don't have much to compare it to.  For those wanting to use it with your office phone also, the Plantronics bluetooth office phone adapter is EXPENSIVE ($200+ in Office Depot).
I bought this due to the law changing to hands free in my state.  I am not a big fan of bluetooth but I saw the writing on the wall so I read the reviews and picked this one.  I am glad I did! This was very very simple to set up and charged very quickly.  It synced easily with my android phone.  I like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit. It stays securely on my ear and I never feel like it is flapping or going to fall off.  When I make calls, the person I am calling says I sound like I am talking directly on the handset so I am pleased.  I have not tried any of the voice command features yet so I cannot comment on those. Overall, I am pleased and would definitely recommend this headset!
I've been able to carry conversations in my bedroom and bathroom while the phone itself sits in the living room!  The reception has been amazing.  I travel beyond 30 ft in different parts of my apartment and still get clear calls.  My friends can't tell that I'm on a BT headset.  In fact, they say it's clearer than if I were on a wired earpiece.  My problem with dropped calls has plummeted to almost nothing because I now position my phone in a decent area and talk wherever with this Plantronics BT.This is an ugly headset compared to others, but it works!  There's no point in having a cute BT if I can't use it.  I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.
Unfortunately, I purchased mine when it was $100 and have never been able to use it.  I didn't return it right away because I thought I would be able to read the directions that came with it and figure out how to unmute it, but have never been able to.  I can hear the other people, but they can't hear me.  No matter what I do, it won't unmute.  The buttons on it are very small and difficult to use when it's in your ear.  I finally got a different bluetooth that works just fine.
Purchase through Amazon 4 months ago. Works great with my Razr phone. I'm a truck driver and have had problems in the past with hearing other party and with other party hearing background noise. I can hear very well with this bluetooth. The person I'm talking to can't tell I'm on a bluetooth about 90% of the time. I found that alot of the sound quality towards who I am speaking with has a lot to do with what they are talking on. I can't talk with Verizon customer service with this on. Calls are crystal clear while speaking with another person with a handsfree unit on. Speaking with someone on a landline is pretty good clarity for them, they can tell if my window is open or not and if boom is too far from cheek they can hear alot of background noise. No matter who I talk to I can hear great every time.
This headset is a replacement for a logitec I had used for years.  It is my second bluetooth and the fit is great.  It does not hurt the ear and stays in place very well.The noise canceling is not on par with the logitec, but I added a wind sock and it resolved most of the challenges.The audio is not as good as I would like and the controls are confusing to me.  I think the former because my current phone is a 1.1 and the latter because I am use to the logitec.All in all a good value for the price.
I've been using mine for about a month and I like it.  The sound quality is high, both sending and receiving.  It came with three ear bud covers, the smallest of which is the best fit for me.  However, even that one is still a bit too large for me and I find that I occasionally need to readjust the ear piece during a conversation (otherwise I'd give this 5 stars).  I find that the controls are too small for my hands, and so I do not attempt to use them while wearing the headset.All in all it's an effective headset and an improvement over the Motorola H700 I had been using.
For several years I used a Logitech Bluetooth for my cell phone, and while it worked great, it was always uncomfortable. When it snapped in two, I decided on the Voyager 510! Wow, not only does it work great, but it is VERY, VERY COMFORTABLE! In fact, I can honestly say I actually forget that I am wearing it, something I cannot say about my previous device. So for all of you thinking of a headset, you cannot go wrong with this one! Five stars!
I've been using this headset for about two weeks with a Blackberry 8700C. The headset has a very comfortable fit and the volume is nice and loud. The downside is that the battery life seems a bit sub-standard. I have been caught several times using it and running out of batteries. I also have some random disconnects with my Blackberry. Tough to say whether these disconnects are phone or headset related. I think this is a great value for the money though and prefer it over the Motorola's and Jabra's (better fit, louder sound). There is some difficulty pressing the buttons on this headset too - nothing that I could not work around though.
For a few years I have been with verizon .My last phone was the Motorola e815 .Recently I retired and didn't need all the mins I got on the $39 plan(with taxes came to $44)  pro: I bought the razr v3 on ebay and transfered over to T-Mobile prepaid.the phone works just great and through my Parrot 3200ls handsfree sounds just great.con:When I went to program speed dialing .Boy was I disappointed .First it would only allow 20 voice tags .Then I had to record each individual tag for voice recognition My e815 allowed me to use unlimited voicetags and I didn't have to record my voice on each number,anyones voice would work using any name in my phone book .The Razr is supposed to be an improvement ,which it's not .The Motorola e815 was the best phone I ever owned ,and now Motorola screwed it up .Whats the point of using bluetooth handsfree dialing when you have to scroll down to a name to dial,taking your hands off the wheel  .Wake up Motorola ,Thats stupid .
I thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone. I have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when I got it. I had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $10 with shipping online for a genuine Motorola battery. Every other cell phone I have had has broken in some way long before 2 years. I'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape. No reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon.
I had a RAZR V2 and it was the best cell phone I ever had so I up graded to the RAZR V3 late last year (2007).  The RAZR V3 is by far the worst cell phone that I've owned.  It is beautiful and has great features but it keeps failing I have had 5 of these phones so far (the original purchased one plus 4 refurbished replacements) 1st phone: after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 2nd phone would not charge from the get go / 3rd phone after about a month the screen would no longer light up / 4th phone after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 5th phone has been working for about a month now.  I really like the RAZR phones, WHEN THEY WORK but this V3 model has been terrible and I would rate it lower than 1 star if possible.
This is my fourth consecutive Motorola phone. I've owned a Timeport, v66, and v600. The Timeport was simply terrible. The v66 was a little better, but the Motorola menu had to be the worst of any phone I had ever used. My v600 was a very pleasant surprise. My sleek and functional RAZR is the best phone that I have owned. I really like the large crisp screen. The tiny external screen is a great addition. After three weeks of fairly heavy use, I haven't had any problems. The RAZR has pretty good talk time, but I'm not certain whether or not one can really get the 7 hours claimed by Motorola. The feature that I really like and appreciate is the abilit to charge my phone with a standard USB cable. It's nice not having to carry around an extra charger when I'm already lugging around my laptop and its power supply.
Searched for "droid 3 chargers" when making my purchase. This was the first product to pop up, had decent reviews, and was cheap. I purchased 3. The product arrived on time. HOWEVER this product does NOT fit our droid 3 phones. I contacted customer service over the course of 9 times. No results in replacement, return or refund. Contactd by phone and w/in the first 2 min of the convo the F-bomb was dropped twice. Very offensive and unprofessional. Needles to say, I have 3 chargers that dont fit any of my phones. Anyone wanna trade?
I ordered this charger as a travel companion, so I didn't always have to pack my original charger.  It's been wonderful having one I can just leave at home and one that travels with me.  I've had no problems with this charger at all.  Be aware that this is a MINI-USB connector, and while it will charge my newer smart phones, it requires a Mini to Micro -USB adapter... and is not as fast as the new chargers. But it does just fine for an over-night charging from less than 10% to fully-charged.
As other people have said, the headphones are a bit too heavy on the ears.  After 3 weeks the crack in the headband started, after 2 months the crack is so big the headphones stopped working.  I will try returning them for a replacement but I don't see why, as the design just isn't very smart with the headband cracking in the only place that is under stress.  They should have reinforced that one spot.It's a shame as the sound was really top notch and I used to be able to connect them to my ipod and leave it in my bag, or connect to my PC via 'bluetooth advanced audio' and not disturb my wife while I'm killing  zombies in Half-Life 2.
This Bluetooth 1.2 version has since been replaced by the newer generation, but the price of this model has come down by nearly $80 as a result.  I've used them for working out in front of a TV (if you equip your set with an inexpensive 3.5 mm audio out jack), listening to iPod, portable dvd player in the car, and computer.  Pros: The sound is quite clear and true, provided you aren't an overly demanding audiophile. The single charger has a Y-shaped adapter end permitting charging of both the adapter and headset simultaneously. Cons: they are considerably heavier than corded headphones and become a bit uncomfortable after an hour.
his and the white version of wireless headphone for ipod is being clearanced elsewhere for a good reason. I got one and it really cracks just by being flexed often enough, which is really unavoidable no matter how careful you are. It is only a matter of time. Mine cracked within a week, and yes I knew about the problem beforehand and was very careful. Unless you have a really small head (maybe the size of a softball), don't mind a cracked band or enjoy going through customer service, don't get it. it looks and sounds good otherwise, and works with computer bluetooth adaptors provided that you have software driver support for high quality bluetooth audio (a2dp). it's a pity.
I agree with the other poster. Why blame the phone because you broke the screen. Is the monitor at home bad because you dropped it off the table. The phone is the best smart phone out there. People have had issues with resets, but that is more of a conflict with the many apps that you can load on it and usually can be solved. I love this phone. Also...do not rate 1 star and then say the phone is good, but verizon is bad. That is unfair since it lowers the over all rating. Ignore the guy who broke his phone...this is a very good phone.
I just purchased the Treo 650 with AllTel (not specified here on Amazon) and have loved it.  It took me a couple days to get used to the feel of the bulkier PDA phone compared to my smaller LG, but once I got into it, I love it.  The only complaints I would have are that it does not come with a docking station (must be purchased separately) and the only way to make it a "great" phone from a "good" phone is to add close to $100 worth of various 3rd party software.  While it's a lot of money to bring it up to speed, the flexibility and having options are nice.  Nothing's perfect, but so far, so good (and AllTel has a 30day money back guarantee or exchange deal, so nothing's lost here).
Just received it today from A1 Accessories.  I bought it solely to use on xbox live so I wouldn't have to keep moving my other headset that I use for work (I work at home).  My friends kept asking me to repeat myself.  One said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me (no lie).  I switched back to the other headset and I was back to crystal clarity.  After that, I threw this one in the trash.. Good thing it only cost me $5 or so.
Plug this in. Sometimes it connects; sometimes it doesn't.I hear callers just fine, but they ask if I am in the bathroom when I wear this.If I leave it plugged into the earphone jack of my phone, it somehow manages to turn my phone off after a few minutes of non-use.I would send it back, but my total cost was only $3.My phone is an older Motorola v365, and I'm sticking with to my BluetoothPlantronics 510 [Retail Packaging]. Maybe this can be an emergency backup.
Bottom line: can't use because the volume of my voice is too low for people to easily hear.  Bought off of ebay after my c200 cord was cut.  The c200 worked well, but this c250 with the longer "boom" mic extension was not as loud.  Jabra headsets are very comfortable and easy to wear all day.  Reasonably easy to put on with one hand once you get the hang of it.  I am not sure if my problem was unusual, but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss.  I have had other brands where the sound quality is not very good or too low.I will just reorder another c200 and take my chances with that.
I had the worry that the headset would not work with my SamsungT619, since the latter is not on the compatibility list. On the other hand, I've heard that all bluetooth devices with same standard (i.e. version 1.2) should have no compatibility problem. It turned out to be absolutely smooth when connecting to my Samsung. The headset can flash and even vibrate when call's coming.The headset is amazingly light weight. You can't even imagine a lithium battery is sitting in such a leather-weight body that can hold on for 7 hours' talking.I spent $10 on this headset and couldn't be more happy.
I am using the Jabra BT350 with a Sony Ericsson K750i.  This works like a charm.  It took a while to set up (problems with resetting my phone), but once I synced the two devices, I have not had any problems.  The sound quality is superb, and the functions are outstanding.  They include vibrating alert (I've turned it off), call accept and call decline (much needed).  It also allows you the opportunity to automatically call the last number dialed. The voice dialing also works great.  I was not able to record the name through the BT350, but once recorded, the phone recognized the name when spoken through the BT350.  An addition, the battery life is great.  I have not had to recharge it in a while.  All and all, this is a great choice for a "handsfree" set to be used with a mobile phone.
This headset fits so comfortably on my ear and I especially like that I can use either ear. I can hear so much better with the Jabra than the expensive Motorola headset I had that was always falling off my ear.  In fact I was using the Motorola talking with my son, in a lot of pain and needing help.  When I turned my head, it fell off and out of reach.  My son called an ambulance when he could no longer hear me. My elderly Mom says she can hear me better on this headset too.Spring 2007 and this item stopped working.  I'm irritated that it didn't last longer.
I had a motorola Bluetooth headset.  I felt like Lt. Uhura with a giant ear piece in StarTrek.  I had a hard time keepig it in and after 20 mintues it hurt my ear.  It came with my accessory kit in one box with the car charger and case so I just used it and grumbled.  But when my toddler flushed it I got the Jabra as a replacement.I love it!  It works and stays in my ear, feels comfortable even after 3-4hours in my ear.  I use it only when I drive and I have used the voice dial and it works perfectly.  I set the voice commands using the headset and it works.  When I set them without using the headset it did not work well.Great little device.
I bought it expecting it to be much better than the one I've had for almost two years now. Big disappointment. The static I used to get from the bt250 has not gone away especially when I have my phone in my left pocket of my pants and the headset on my right ear. Also, people tell me my voice sounds remote like I am in a room.This is not acceptable. I am going back to BestBuy to return it. Why pay $120 if there's no added value?!No doubt, it wraps around your ear very snug unlike the Motorola headsets but there's virtually no improvements compared to BT250.And let me guess - the next Jabra model would be BT500v for vibrate. I can tell you now - I ain't buying that one either.I guess it'll be a while before someone comes up with a headset that's not static-y but I'm willing to wait.Roumen.
I hate this phone...I was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  I had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so I could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. The display is impossible to see outside in bright light, I detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. I just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, I was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that I purchased.
In case you were wondering, the ONLY differences between the black and silver RAZRs are:1. The Color2. The Price Tag (at some stores)There are NO new features in the black RAZR.  It has all the same specs (and bugs) as the silver model.In choosing a RAZR you should consider which color you like best, and whether or not you're willing to pay the price premium some stores are charging on the black one.You should also read the reviews for the silver model, since both phones are the same inside.A couple of other notes:-The keyboard on the black RAZR is silver.  Some people do not like this.-The RAZR (probably the silver one only) is rumored to be coming to another US carrier very soon (Hint: starts with "T", ends with "obile")-There will be a lot of new sharp looking phones with features superior to the RAZR coming out this fall.
I personally think the Black Edition RAZR phone looks really cool, better than the regular silver version.  The phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin... but, really, it just looks so cool -- and you'll differentiate yourself from The Crowd.The phone is very capable and packed with features.  Unlike some high-end Moto phones from a year or two back, this one works very well and has a decent interface.  Everyone I know who has this phone simply loves it.[...]
I am one to always have and use a lot of features. I like the Razr and would recommend it. Positives: light weight, small size, speaker phone works well, display is easy to see, voice dial is accurate, bluetooth, and it is great conversation piece. Negatives: Speakers (normal and speaker) not as clear sounding as my Nokia 6600, no IR port, has a USB port but not software to use it - even for charging the phone, battery life a little short, video recording time way too short, difficult to find a name in the address book (a lot of keystrokes!).
10 years into the cell phone revolution the phones have gotten smaller, lighter with great features but what's the point when you can't carry on a conversation? I have found Cingular to be by far the worst in terms of dropped calls in the SF Bay Area. I suffered thru AT&T and their conversion to GSM and Cingular is not any better than that service no matter what they promise. Cingular also has very consumer unfriendly 2 yr. contracts that you will be paying on long after that shiny phone has lost its lustre. They are constantly changing their rollover minute plans to screw you out of your minutes. When i downgraded from a higher national plan to a lower national plan they took away all the minutes I aquired in a year. In other words maximize the revenue - minimize the service is their motto.  I could live with this if i could make a decent phone call - i can't believe there are so many dead areas in a place with 13 million people.
I wanted to keep my car free and clear of cables so I purchased a retractable cable to at least keep it more organized. The retractable part works fine but the cable is pretty thin. I hooked it up to my stereo and I could here a lot of static. I then tried a not retractable cable that was pretty thick and the static was gone and the sound was a lot better. You have to sacrifice sound for clutter free cables or go with sound and have wires all over. I stopped using this since I couldn't stand the static. I am not sure if its the cable I got or not but I will stick to the non retractable cable. I'll just have to find a short one since the 3 foot one I have is too long.
This very high quality retractable cable will retract to as long as 32 inches (I measured this). And it will easily retract back into the holder making the length of this whole cable unit at just 4.5 inches, which is PERFECT FOR TRAVEL. For me, I purchased 3 of these (the maximum that is allowed in one order). And I am so pleased with these I hope to order more later on.You may wonder if the cable part is flimsy...If it is not yanked, rather pulled gently and retracted gently, it will do fine. Remember not ot yank the cable out and it should last just fine.+ The main pro I find over this cable and non retractable cables is you just pull out the length you need, and no more dangling cables!Very highly recommend this as it works well.
This retractable cable is perfect for connecting ipods, phones, mp3 players, etc to the AUX input on a car. My middle console in the car tends to get super cluttered, so to have a cable which doesn't get tied into knots and make a mess is a huge plus.The sound quality so far as I can discern is great with this cable.The retractor mechanism can tend to get stuck, but has always quickly snapped back into place after I jiggle it for a second.The cable is only 3 feet long, which is perfect for me, but depending on where your AUX input is may not be sufficient, so be aware of what you are buying.
Holy mackerel, these things are awesome! Stows so very conveniently away and works very intelligently, locking in place wherever decide to stop it, rolling back up with just a tug. Have only had a couple of times where it decided to tangle up a touch when recoiling, but with almost no effort was able to pull back out and start over, coiling up properly like does all the other times. Buy a handful and have 'em in car, at computer, stereo - they're so inexpensive but so awesome!
This thing is tiny & lightweight and works really well in a vehicle where you don't want long cables hanging around (especially if you drive a manual shift car).That being said, I have had two of these. I used them daily, and they each lasted about 4-6 months, and then they stopped working. The cables are very thin and I think they just wear out after a while. For the price & convenience, it's not a bad trade-off. I would have given it 3.5 stars if I'd had the option.I decided against ordering a third and opted for something non-retractable but hopefully more sturdy.
I have used this cable on and off for about a year and a half -- but there were at least six months in the middle there where I had misplaced it and didn't use it at all. It recently went bad -- lost one of the stereo channels. It now connects one channel only.The problem is in the contacts. If I bend the cable near one of the ends I can get the other channel to come in intermittently. Note that I didn't ever fiddle with the ends during normal use. I have only tried the bending game to get the lost channel to come in.If you think the price is worth about 1 year of use, this is the cable you want to get. It certainly is convenient and I like the retractable feature a lot. Just wish it would have lasted longer.
I've been using mine for over 4 years and it's finally starting to show some wear with the wraparound earpiece, and having a few issues with it shutting off unexpectedly.  All in all, for having it over four years, it's a great purchase.  Although I'm still using mine daily, I'm ready to purchase a new one, and one with a battery is the best, as I simply carry AAA batteries in my car, so whenever this one dies, I just put a new one in on the go.  No worrying about bringing it into the house to charge, forgetting to take it back out, or losing the charging cord.  I love it because it's so convenient and can leave it in the car 100% of the time, so it's always for sure there.
This earpiece worked well for me.  It had good range and sound quality and the hands free activation was very useful. One huge design flaw as I see it however was the on/off button.  To turn on/off the device you have to hold down the button.  After only a few months of use the button began to malfunction and over time the button totally stopped working. I purchased the device in November and by March the button had stopped working at all.  Since this is the same button that you have to push to answer a call, disconnect a call or activate voice recognition when the button stopped working the device became pretty useless.
I have to say, this was a shockingly good experience. I have had mine almost a year when I lost it. I found it the following afternoon, in the parking lot at work. It spent a day and a night on the ground in the rain and even got either stepped on or driven over, as the earhook was broken off. The unit still worked! It would wedge into my ear and I could still use it very easily-albeit uncomfortably. Why not 5 stars? Because the ear hook pivot/swivel loosened with use to point where it would fall out of my ear. I replaced with a 350 due to budget, I wanted to get a 655 but we'll see how this does.
I recently bought a new cell phone (Sony Ericsson Z520a) with Bluetooth. I spent a few days researching the various headsets out there, and soon discovered that only a handful appeared to be worth buying -- and all were between $100 and $150, which I did not want to spend. I came across these by accident, and couldn't find any of the negative comments common with headsets in this price range. Granted they're only Bluetooth v1.2, but they're light, have a built-in rechargable battery, are quite comfortable to wear, and have very good sound quality. In addition, the pairing process is quite simple.If your priorities are quality sound, comfort, built-in battery, and reasonable price, these will be hard to beat. I like it so much I bought a second one for my wife.
I bought the Plantronics 320 today. As soon as I walked out the store,the reception went static beyond belief. The salesman said "Give it a chance", I have and it's going back tomorrow. For the past week  I've bought 4 headsets(Motorola 500,850,700,& this one which is one of the worst.I found the Motorola 700 to be the best so far.  Clear reception most of the time,excellent volume(no problem hearing while driving),& it always connected to my treo 650.  On a windy day my friend on the other end didn't even know I got out the car,hardly any background noise.  I just ordered the 700 through Amazon,much cheaper than Cingular & Motorola.
I just got this headset from Best Buy. I paid a little extra there because of the counterfeit scare in the online world! However, I just love the sound. Specially the bass. Most of the ear-bud style headphones suck at reproducing bass. My T-Mobile MDA has paired up perfectly. The A2DP and the volume/play/pause/mute work like charm. I would give it a 5 star but it's a little bulky for the gym. The cloth interior of the speakers will not stand the sweat for long. The shocks at the treadmill are yet to be tried out.
I purchased this headset to use with my cell phone.  As it turns out I use it with my computer and love them.  They  are easy to use, long battery lfe and sound great.  They may be a bit uncomfortable or odd because of the back of the head design but all headphones have some kind of pressure due to the design.  The only time I notice their presure is when I wear them for a few hours.  Short term no problems.  By the way, I wear glasses so that may be the culprit.I'd buy them again.
Before I have this product, I have ordinary earphones for my Moto680 cellphone which has stero radio, also I have other moto blue tooth earphone, but this one is good, long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth.Volumn control is good, loud enough. single ear BT is out of control some times, you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days. This one give you all availability.drawback: 1. when phone call comes in, you will wait for longer time than single ear BT. 2. the size is big, can not put in your regualr pocket. 3. the pad easily drops, you may lose one of the two very soon. I used glue.Anyway, it is good one, you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging.I love it.
I paired it with my computer and cell phone at the same time, both for accepting audio streams. Pairing needs some trail but finally I can bond them. The pairing and re-pairing to my phone maybe because I have a ZN5.The quality and ease of use is very good. However, I have to get use to its behind of neck design. It is also a bit heavy and painful if you don't wear it correctly. The problem is that if you don't use it for a while, you have to take it off, or the narrow collar will squeeze the neck very uncomfortably.Recommended for ease of use, sound quality.
Durable.  Sounds great.  Mic provides good sound for those on the other endof the connection.  I like the wrap-around fit (walkman-style headphones look dorky - wrap around is better).  Although.. after 30 minutes the tips of my ears can become sore which I am learning to cope with.  I use it with Motorola L2 cell phone and Anycom 250 USB dongle for Skype.  This is the one to get.  I had a competing Plantronics product -- in fact two of them -- but they both broke in the same place due to the use of plastic in high-stress areas.  The Motorola design is much smarter.
At airports watching people talking into space with some huge clam attached to their ear with a flashing blue light swore me off bluetooth. This headset from Plantronics is extremely small, nicely packaged, it paired immediately with my Blackberry 7100t.The packaging is very cleverly done and the headset itself is a simple silver cylinder and weights a mere 9 grams. Audio quality was high and a recent 7100t software upgrade increased volume levels to more than acceptable. A variety of included ear pieces ensure you're likely to find a comfortable fit. I've been getting about 2-3 hours of talk time on a single charge which while not perfect is adequate for most people.As a small minus, the button to connect/disconnect/turn-on or off takes a bit of getting used to as it feels a bit mushy missing a positive click to confirm your selection.If you're worried about compatibility, the Plantronics website provides a pull down selector for mfg/phone to confirm.
I bought this headset for my wife for her to use with a Samsung A900 ("the blade").  The earpiece is extremely small and comfortable and the battery life is long enough for her to talk on it over an hour each day.  She charges it each night.  The sound through this headset has a typical "bluetooth tinny" aspect that overly compressed digital sound has but it is in-line with what I've observed on other bluetooth headsets.The number of adapters and the clever battery-powered charger attachment help this headset stand out from the crowd.Setup is a breeze and it is very easy to use.  She is not a technophile but she loves her handsfree Plantronics 640!The unit would be 5 stars if the sound quality were better.  I also wish it had multipoint like the 5xx-series from Plantronics.
I like the "in the ear" approach. It's extremely comfortable. You have several options as far as finding a comfortable fit. It comes with a portable charger, which is a prelude to things to come.I could hear any caller without problems but in noisy environments they couldn't hear me. In a quite environment it worked very well. The battery is terrible. Their listing is "up to 3 hours". There's no way you can get that much talk time out of this. I heard allot of static. I couldn't wear my phone in the holster because of that.I'm a frequent business traveler and it doesn't work well for my needs. However, it does have some positive traits. The main two problems are extraneous noise problem and poor battery life. So if you're not in a loud area or heavy user it's a great headset.
I read the reviews here and other sites and bought this headset, my first bluetooth headset for my samsung 870 phone. Came with a lot of adapter accessories for different phone chargers except the samsung models. So that was all useless to me. Nice silver case which looked good but also useless to me since I'm not going to carry an extra box around when I'm trying to simplify.ProsPairing was a breeze.Sound quality excellent with the windows of your car closed.no real complaints.ConsWith the windows of your car down it was hard for the caller on the other end to hear you, or the radio on for that matter.I could really never find a comfortable fit for my ear so guess what happened,The day we bought a 6ft Christmas tree I lost it....... fell out of my ear for the first time in public and now all I'm left with is a shiny silver case and a bunch of junk
This case cover is very thin and I imagine would only protect from scratches and the smallest of bumps. It fit my Nexus quite well, to the point it was causing me some trouble to get it over the edges of my screen cover. But once done I am happy with it. There is no excessive movement, the buttons work easily still and the cut out for the speaker and plug ins work perfectly. It also gives some extra grip to the rather slick Nexus, making one hand operation and reading safer and easier.
This is the best headset for truckers. The back ground noise can not be heard from caller. The ear pices is just the right volume. the Mice takes some use to it. When you talk, you talk in a normal voice. and don't have to speak up to be heard. If you put the mice at your mouth, it will distort the sound. The best place just below your lower lip. The paring has to be done every time to turn the headset on. Will not automatic paring at turn on. Good thing its easy do to.The charge time is great and really holds the charge in stand-by and talk time. the only thing I don't like its heavy and sometimes the mice gets caught on the shoulder strap, when looking side to side.
I drive a truck and found out how hard is finding a good bluetooth headset. Many I have tried worked fine, but the biggest problem was that other party could not hear me (because of engine noise). When I accidentally found this one I gave it a try. And it is awesome. People think that I am talking straight to my phone. Call quality in my opinion is even better when I use this headset.PROS:- perfect voice quality- battery lasts long- noise cancelling microphone makes others to hear you- solidCONS:- bulky- expensive (but worth this money)
I,M A TRUCK DRIVER AND THIS HEADSET IS PERFECT FOR USE IN TRUCKS, MY FRIENDS TURNED ME ON TO THIS MODEL. I USED OTHERS THAT SAID THEY WERE NOISE CANCELLING AND THEY DID A NICE JOB IN MY CAR BUT SOON AS I USED THEM IN MY TRUCK NO ONE COULD UNDERSTAND ME. THE BLUE PARROT HAS A NICE QUIET SOUND TO IT, EVERYONE SAYS I SOUND GOOD ALSO WITH THE THE CUP EARPIECE I HAVE TO TURN THE VOLUME DOWN OR IT BLOWS ME OUT SO YOU HEAR VERY WELL WITH IT. THE ONLY THING I HAVE EVER HEARD CLOSE TO THIS WAS THE PLANTRONICS 510 BUT THE EARPIECE WAS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THIS
Amanda Richards hit the nail on the head, but she didn't get into how nice the Bluetooth is on this phone.  In addition to being a VERY SOLID (both in build and function) phone with a lot of features you wouldn't expect to find in something this low in price, you'll also get FULL Bluetooth 1.2 capability.What does this mean?Well, you can transfer mp3 ringtones to it, you can connect a headset to it, you can transfer themes and photos to and from it and you can even tether it to your laptop to use as a modem!If you want a fancy phone, you'll have to pay for it.  But, if you want a decent phone that has an awesome battery life, a sharp, colorful screen, Bluetooth that works and custom themes, then you can't do better than this!I like this phone and use it often as a backup phone.
I'm on my third z520a in the six months I've owned it.  The only reason I haven't gone through more is that I've accepted this phone is a lemon.  The phone freezes and can't be shut off, requiring removal of the battery to reset, frequently drops calls, doesn't always let me place calls, and just plain does weird things that result in an unreliable and frustrating call experience.  What is even more annoying is that I purchased expensive, model-specific accessories that will become useless paperweights when I replace this with a new phone - a phone I will be out additional hundreds on, not to mention the cost of accessories.  I'll never buy another Sony Ericsson product.
I use in an old-school minivan, with a deep dashboard, and my phone is a Galaxy II (I know, I'll update it soon!)Pros:1- Sticks well on window.  I've used on all kinds of roads (and switched to 3 different cars), always works great.2- Easily adjustable.  Quickly adjusts to whatever angle, whether flexing the arm or turning sideways/straight up.  The ability of the tabs on the side to fold in are the best design of the 3 I've had.  The others maintained a fixed holder on the bottom, which affected how it held when I turned it sideways.3- Wow, I love the grip design.  It allows each arm to slide left/right.  So, I can keep the bottom ones tighter to avoid pressure on my volume buttons while sliding one of the top ones to avoid pressure on my action button.I haven't found a con yet.Good luck!
The design is good and it would be an excellent product if the quality was anything more than terrible. The buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking. Now I press and press and nothing happens. It's a shame because the rest of it works decently.The suction cup holds well and the tube coming from the cup is pretty sturdy. It moves a lot when the car is moving so you would need to rest it on the dash which would help somewhat but not perfectly.Overall one star only because with the poor quality it is worthless in spite of the few good points.
Almost nailed it with this one, Bracketron. First, the good: the mount is solid, it stays stuck to the glass, and the flexible arm bit is VERY stiff and hard to adjust but really stays put once you have it where you want it. Now, the not so great: the flexible arm seems to vibrate quite a bit while you drive, and the expanding bracket does not work as well as promised. In fact, the button on the side only seems to open the bracket if you have it rotated 90 degrees to the left (as in landscape, with the button pointing up). I took it apart and realized that this is because there is an assortment of rather cheap gears which rely on gravity to allow the button to only work in one direction. I much prefer my Grip Go, but if you need a longer mount and/or one with a bracket then this one isnt bad for the price, just not perfect.
Great idea and design, not great execution and materials.It works good, but once mounted, almost impossible to adjust-out the sides with the ratcheting mechanism. You sort of have to tilt it backwards to make the ratchet action work. When mounted, you can't tilt it, so it's a real hassle to open.I have mine set, and I just wedge the phone into it when I want to use it.I primarily use it when driving through New York city, to use my phone as a dash-cam. Eventually I'd like to get video of the people that walk into my car or cyclists that ride into it... It's great for that.It's obvious the plastic or construction material allows it to fall out of tolerance, which means the ratchet action ceases to function. It's a crapshoot when you build a complex mechanism out of parts that break or wear easy, or aren't built to spec in the first place.
We bought the Plantronics CS-55 Wireless Headset over three years ago for use in our small business and it was one of the best purchases we have made. My wife asked me to get her wireless headset that she "wouldn't have to mess with" so I selected this one since it is what my company uses (a Fortune 500) in it's call centers. Here are my observations:+ Good Range; the unit covers all of our fairly large shop+ Easy to Setup; just follow the simple instructions and go+ Easy to Use; simple as picking up the phone and turning on the headset (we addedPlantronics HL10 Handset Lifterto make it even easier)+ Great Sound Quality; we never had any static issues, even in our heavily wireless environment- Heavy; not absurdly so, but takes some getting used toThis headset gets used just about everyday that our shop is open and it has never given us any problems. It has passed the test of time with flying colors!Highly Recommended!CFH
We finally tried the Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset and it is AWESOME!  We were using Plantronics CS50 headsets and they just give off feeback and crackle.The Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset is really great, good sound quality, no feedback, no buzzing in your ear!  And people can actually hear you!We have 7 wireless headsets working in our office and 2 are the CS-55.  Once the CS50 ones break (which will be soon) I will be replacing them all with the CS-55!
First, the White Screen of Death Issue.  I had 3 units til instead of returning tp Cingular.  I sent it back to SONY.  NO more problems.  They flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine.  The WOD will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer.  However, wait 20 seconds and the phone reboots.Pro: Loud and easy to hear from.Con:  Buttons and keypad is hard to get use to.Pro:  The camera is fine for a phone cam.Con: Battery drain is bad, when you play the MP3 player.
This phone has grown on me.  At first I wasn't sure I needed all this stuff, it felt a bit heavy, I was unsure of the swivel design, and I felt guilty for buying such an expensive phone.  But now I know I'd buy it again.  It's still a little heavy (compared to the Razr, which was my other choice) but the reception is great, it has lots of functions, and the interface is easy to navigate.  Best of all, the speaker phone function is one of the best I've ever heard.  It's loud and clear.
This is my first blackberry.  How I got along without it all this time I have no idea.  Earpiece quality sounds great, speaker phone sounds great, microphone sounds great.  The overall layout is quite genius.  I love all the programmable features and the bluetooth accessories are a must.  Web browsing with EDGE technology is surprisingly fast.  If you text message often as I do, the keyboard and the "auto-text" features are amazing.  I literally send text messages 10 times faster than I used to.  If you live by email as I do, (90% of my clients orders are placed through email), receiving them instantly is so important.  No more running back to the office or home to check for orders.  I highly recommend this product.
The Galaxy S3 is a great phone, but its finish is very slippery, and the phone is too easy to drop. This case solves that problem inexpensively, and without adding a lot of bulk. The volume and power keys are harder to operate than without the case, though. That's a good thing for the power button, as it prevents accidental power-ons. It's not as good for the volume control, though. But it's well worth the price.Note that in order to get the holes to line up right, I had to put the volume control side of the phone in the case first, then stretch the case over the power button side of the phone.
I picked this up on Amazon for under $20 after months of thinking about buying one. My needs are small; I'm not on the phone all that much, but in the car a lot. I'm also not overly picky. If it works...I'm happy.The Motorola is small; about 2.5" long and yet it seems to pick up my voice quite well and the sound quality on my calls thus far has been good. Better than on my Nokia phone! The earpiece is adjustable, and fits my ear very well.The packaging on this item was kind of weird. Plastic baggie with the charger, bluetooth headset and directions. I guess I expected a box?The unit charged fully in about 2 hours. My Nokia phone picked it up just fine once I enabled the bluetooth to find it.All things considered, for the price I paid and what it does. I'm happy with the purchase. The true test will be the item's durability and battery life, which only time will tell.
I bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality.  When she is in the car talking to me on it I can barely hear her because of the car noise and even with her having the radio on low it is still annoying to hear everything in the background.  For the almost $50 price tag i thought it would be better quality since it was the step up from the entry level bluetooth.  I also havent found how to put it on the left ear yet, i feel like i am going to break it if i try to pull the ear loop off.I would recommend spending another $40 and buying the Jawbone bluetooth.  I got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear.  I drastically reduces background noise.Overall, I am not impressed by motorola and thought they would make a better bluetooth for this price.
The weight is nice and balance on the year is good.  The features are good, but one must remember certain button combinations for extended features (like press two buttons at the same time to mute the microphone).  The battery life is good.  A significant issue is that it picks up surrounding noise better than the person's voice who is taking, which means that it often can't be used.  If you don't drive a very quiet car, like a BMW or Mercedes, then users may complain that they can't hear you and ask you to "pick up the phone."
Well, it's a good little bluetooth for the money.. I've only had a couple times when it's cut out on me and not worked right, but 3/4 of the time it works beautifully and people don't even know I'm on it! I think the times that I did cut out was because I was too close to metallic objects.. pipes and things.. so.. that sounds like a good excuse..eh?Works good for me, and is cute and small, fits like a dream, good battery life.. all in all is a good bluetooth.
I purchased this bluetooth as a gift for a family member's Sony Ericsson cell phone.  We had to play around with it at first to get it working properly.  She still has minor issues with the headset, but overall she likes it.We decided not to return the headset because I did pair it with my iPhone 3G, after three attempts, without using the passcode.  I was able to use most features easily, with clear reception.  So the earpiece isn't defective.  The price was to good as well.Buyer beware, and do the research on the pairing capibilities with your electronic device and this bluetooth.
The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:) The H500 works fine with our LG Shine. Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup. The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why 3 stars? The volume control is hardly palpable. It is hard to adjust the volume while in use. Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust. Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear. It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear.
I ordered the H700 after reading a number of good reviews. I got it from Circuit City, so it's not a 'counterfeit'.  It pairs well with my Moto Q9C, and it is very comfortable- but thats the end of the good things I can say about it. The volume is too low for me to hear callers if there is any ambient noise, and the static which happens sporadically *usually when I'm on an important call makes this virtually unusable.  I guess I will RMA and see if this one is a dud and the replacment is any better.
Compact, stylish, and very comfortable.  Currently one of the only headsets known to work well with the HTC Mogul.  I wear it all day and never run out of my charge, and sometimes even forget that I am wearing it because it is so lighweight and comfortable.  Amazon has top pricing on this product too.  I could buy two here for what I'd pay full retail elsewhere.  Sound is clear on both my end and the receiver's end.  Great product and great value.
I've had my H700 for almost a year now, and not until recently did I learn it was a FAKE!  WOAH!  After reading the PDF on this page about how to spot a fake, I quickly learned the one I picked up on eBay was a fake.However, the headset has worked VERY well.  I compared it to a bluespoon AX7 in-ear headset, and I ended up keeping my fake H700.  Overall, it has been a very good copy, although not the real thing.  Very reliable.  However, I am still disappointed that I did not get the real headset.Is there anything I can do about this?
I previously owned an H300 and was impressed with the quality for the price.  When I lost the H300 I decided to try the H700.  I was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear.  In those two areas the H700 is definitely an improvement over the H300.  I did not use the voice activated commands, so I cannot speak to that, but I do see where that could be useful.Overall I do see the H700 as an improvement over the H300.  My only problem with it, which is why I did not give it 5 stars, was the Bluetooth drop out.  It seems that the Bluetooth on the H700 drops out more often than the H300.  I would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls.
I read a lot of reviews on a lot of headsets before purchasing this one. I've had it for a month now and so far the performance is just fine. I use it mostly in the car with no problems. People tell me they can hear me just fine. The battery life is good; the lights on the headset are helpful indicators. I like the small lightweight size.My wife tried it out and was pleased with it. So I've purchased a red one for her....she'll get it for Christmas.
I really wanted this to work.  It's a great design and it's easy to use and set up.  Sound quality listening is great.  Sound quality speaking, for others to hear, was unacceptable.  This could be because of the way it fits me, since this seems to work well for many others.  If you try this out, however, it's very important to check that others actually hear you well, and not, as in my experience, too loudly and with too much low end on the sound quality.  I'm returning it.
I had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so I bought the 700. Let me just say that I own the Motorola V330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr. That being said, it does not work well with the v330. If you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static. People tell me that I sound muffled when I'm talking to them. My advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it.
When it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. I'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. I found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. I find it easier to use the folding boom to turn it on/off when dropping it in a pocket rather than using a button like on most other models. The big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. The other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. I have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. This lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. Only one of the other 7 I tested did worse. (I also tested the Motorola HS850 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)
Love the battery life, look and size, but have found the sound inferior to my  bottom-of-the-line HS 805.  Frequent static.And then the topper--whenever it is on, the blue light on the side blinks.  The instructions say that this stops after five minutes, or that it can be disabled by holding the two volume buttons.  Both are lies.  Maybe some twenty-something year old designer thought it was way cool to walk around with a big blinking LED on the side of your head, but I can't use this in a business setting.  It's going back.
This is a replacement for a prior Motorola bluetooth headset of very similar design. I was quite pleased with the old one, until after about 2 years when it just died. That was 2 years of daily service, so not an issue. But this new one has issues holding pairing with a Blackberry 8700G, and has significant voice static unless the Blackberry is on the same side of my body as the headset, and not in the holster. The old one didn't have that problem.On the positive side, the USB mini charger saves me one more power adaptor when traveling, which is a good thing. They should all have that feature.
I hear lots of static, even before making a call.  I have Motorola H500 too, and that headset has no static with my phone (Verizon LG VX8300).  This H700 has LOTS of static.  Called Motorola tech support, and their best solution is to return and replace it.  As far as usability goes, this a great headset, over the ear is more comfortable than in ear and the fit is perfect - nice and snug.  I'd keep it without any doubt if it wasn't for static noise.  While I hear static, people on the other phone can hear me fine, just as good as when I'm using H500.
I purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons. First, it uses the same charger as both my Motorola Razr and RIM Blackberry 8700C. Secondly the device easily turns on and off each time you extend the microphone.I've used about 1/2 dozen other bluetooth headsets and this is one of my favorites.Here are my summarized pros and cons:PROS:-Uses the same charger as other Motorola RAZR phones-Open/Close microphone to turn headset on/off-Small, lightweight and easy to put on (one handed eve)CONS:-Only connects to one BT device at a time. I have both a RAZR and Blackberry that I carry with me everywhere. With these two devices I cannot have the H700 connect simultaneously (other Bluetooth products - notably the Plantronics) are able to connect simultaneously to two devices.I recommend this headset, and Amazon has the most competitive pricing available. Easily beating even the discount superstores where I'd seen this for 50% more.
I like this headset. It is very comfortable and lightweight. Stays on fine when adjusted properly. The volume is great. Callers say they can hear me fine without noise interference. What I like best is You can close it to turn it off an open it and it automatically reconnects. You can answer call waiting with this too. Also I haven't had it randomly disconnect as I turn my head as my other one did. I don't know about battery life yet as i only have had it 3 days.
a lovely Bluetooth headset design to fit most bluetooth enabled phones does the job as requiredperfect function and great quality call sound and microphone is extra ordinaryGreat Great GreatGreat QualityGreat SoundGreat microphoneGreat JobGreat Pricethis bluetooh was a must to find i searched all over the globe but did not  reach out finally amazon went back in stock with this the seller of this one was  great and of course the deviceit functions well and is absolutely a breakthrough keeps a charge long leather end for comfortabilty and fashioneasy use easy pair easy happy product defentily recomandedi got this and this works wellwhy take the Plantronics v510s or something similar they all have a similar look while this is exactly a third price and functions same great?!!
However I just did not enjoy the size of this behind the ear unit, found it to be too big. It is a little difficult at first learning how to slip this around your ear but after awhile it works out ok. Please note that you do not get to use your selected ring tone, it automaticly (Motorola hand set) defaults to its standard ring while the blue tooth is actively connected. You can turn the ear piece off then power on to answer in order to keep your fav ring tone. All in all it works very well, sound and loundness were very good. However, I just did not like the size of this unit. It is quite bulky.EDITJust picked up a HS850, now that is more to my liking, however I hope there will be no issues of a broken wire in the flip boom as the reviewer above mentioned.
When I got it I was a little scared. It was my 1st bluetooth and it looked like something straight out of Star Trek. You have to be a little careful with the twisting earpiece since it's in a sliding ball inside and can slip out of the groove very easily if you change ears too much(which mine did on day three). The range is not as far as you would like it to be, but boy can it hold a charge. It'll outlast your cellphone battery everytime! And, the fit was pretty comfy behind the ear. The buttons are also very easy to use. Remember to speak up though...people tend to have a problem hearing you as well as you will be hearing them.
I love the size, form factor, and usability of this headset.  Incoming sound is good.  Unfortunately, the outgoing sound is a deal breaker.  If there is any background noise, this headset will pick it up and transmit it just as loud as your voice.  The DSP helps a little, but affects the sound quality dramatically (think overcompressed MP3).  I am an attorney and need to talk to clients; I need to sound professional.  Unfortunately, this $100 headset does not match the sound quality of a $25 wired headset with a boom mic.  I am trying to modify mine by rewiring it with a boom mic from an [...] headset, but so far I have not gotten it to work.  I am willing, though, to risk destroying the JX10 in order to have a chance at better outgoing sound.
I'm very happy with my Jabra JX10 headset.  My treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the Jabra.  The Jabra JX10 is amazingly small and most people can't even tell I'm on a wireless headset (which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her Plantronics 640).Also, I have a car with a convertible top and I can still hear people fine when using this headset- it's quite loud.P.S.  I upgraded to a Treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great - range and sound quality were even better with the Treo 755p.
I was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier.  I looked at corded headsets, cordless, and a variety of brands, but this unit kept coming up with high praises.The clarity is great, and it has a variety of volume (macro and micro) for both the mic and earpiece.  It works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options.  The range allows us to go to the end of our warehouse to look at stock while talking with the customer.  Not to mention that if I'm not at my desk and the phone rings, I don't have to rush back.  I can use both my hands to look up quotes, and stock while I'm on the phone without craning my neck.  Their are earpieces and over the head options.  Not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night.Great product!
I have this headset for work and use the band that wraps around the head instead of just the ear loop.  I find this is the most comfortable option for me.  The headset has been great and I have never had a problem with it since i have owned it (approx 2 years).  The range is great and I can get up from my desk and walk to the printer during a call no problem.  Overall I am very pleased with this headset and others in my office have purchased this based on my recommendation and they love it as well.
While waiting for my order to arrive, I read a negative review about a terrible echo.  My advice to that reviewer - consider reading the instructions and adjust the mouth piece away from your mouth (not in the instructions).  Initially the headset hanging on one ear was a little uncomfortable, but within days I was walking out of the office forgetting I was even wearing it.  The range at the building I work is less than 100 feet, not a problem for my use.  Can't imagine not having the headset lifter or the flashing light accessory that clearly tells others when I am on the phone!
My old Plantronics headset needed to be replaced and I went with this one.  It is much more sturdy, with the headset resting very comfortably in the charging unit.  My old one would 'float' once in a while and not charge when I thought it was, which meant I couldn't use it the next day until it charged for a while.  Not so with this unit.I had a behind the head band I use which for me is very comfortable and I can quickly take the headset off and it rests on my shoulders.  Sound quality is excellent.  I have not had any complaints on the other end either.Highly recommend this product for anyone needing versatility and walking around from the base unit.  I can easily get files from across the room or do other things while talking without missing a beat.
I am extremely happy with both the sound quality and the range from base on this set.  The freedom of not being wired to the phone & headset base it great.  My only complaint is that the "over the ear" pieces are very hard & uncomfortable -- there are several sizes but after a couple of hours, all earpieces are terribly uncomfortable (and I am someone that has worn over the ear headsets for 10+ years).  I finally switched to the "over the head"  attachment, which has a nice, padded earpiece and it solved the problem.  I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.  I would have given this 5 stars if they had figured out how to make a comfortable earpiece.
The ability to leave my MP3 music (cell phone) in my gym bag and get a serious workout without disruption is worth the price along. Being on call, it's also important that I don't miss any of those important phone calls. Getting interrupted with a voice announcement of who's calling makes it all worthwhile. After the first use I was hooked. All of my weekday workouts are with my bluetooth stereo headset. As for the weekends, I'm back to the Zune, not because I dislike the headphones, because I need to escape from the phone.
I've been having it for weeks. It works fine when both listening to music and talking via Skype. The mic pick up my voice quite well even with that small hole away from mouth. Once fully charged, it lasts a long time when using it for stereo music streaming.Pros: Sound quality is great, as being a bluetooth headphone. Battery lasts long enough. The microphone does pick up sound perfectly.Cons: Feel a little pinched above ears after wearing it for a while. It would be great if the belt is expandable.
I bought this one 2 years ago, it still work well, battery life is good and I recharge it once a week, it can be charged on car too.Volume can be adjusted easily, I like chat with driving and it is a wonderful earphone.With a cable you can connect to your pc directly and listen to music too.In winter it is so wonderful, as it is a ear protection in a cold and windy morning:-)it is a little bit heavier at beginning, for man it is perfect, my daughters can not wear it without holding it.in one word, it is a good product.
I've had these for a while and liked them.  If I wear them for more than 30 minutes, the top of my ears against my head hurt.  I was willing to put up with that because I liked the wireless aspect, and they sounded good.  The ear cushion is great, it's just the weight pushing the rubber shark fin piece against your ears that hurts after a while.Recently I laid them down at work over the weekend.  I guess I laid them down incorrectly, because they are now misshapen.  Once that happens, you are out of luck.  They will no longer fit against your ears.So they sound great, but no longer fit.  I think the ear pieces are just too heavy and it relies on the plastic head/neck band piece to maintain an exact shape.Anyway, I am disappointed and will not buy this model again.
I'm using this product past 5 months and its b'ful and awesome sound quality. I didn't found any issue with this product. Easy to configure and connect. It works with my Sony Erricson W580i Walkman phone as well as my laptop. Sound quality and beats are very good. Distortion only if u move your head 90% on left, but ignorable. Its not bulky and fit easily. Its in build mic is good. While playing a music if call comes u can atend it with this headset. It has its own volume adjustment. Overall, a good peace which makes me fully satisfied. I got what i was looking for. no wire hassle now.
I bought these to pair with my Samsung P2 music/video player. The pairing was easy and all of the features work well with the P2 except I can not change the equalizer settings on the P2 when paired and P2 does not support FM radio with Bluetooth.The sound quality is very good (not too much bass) and great for a wireless headset but not in the league of the Shure earbuds that I have or the Bose Quiet Comfort 1 (both which cost significantly more than the Jabra). Listening to music or watching videos in places where wires are problematical --- as well as those who exercise with a music player --- these an easy buy, espcically at the price of $38+ dollars.I don't use these with my cell phone as I use a Jawbone for my cell. For some reason the Jabra paired with my computer but I am not sure why I can not get sound. Dell's Bluetooth module has always been problematical, so I will assume it is the computer and not the Jabra.
I purchased these with minimal expectations and am quite impressed. I have been using these with my cell phone and the sound quality is superb. Also, using these for phone calls is quite convenient. The microphone is great and sound quality is top-notch. Even when music is playing and you get a call it automatically pauses the music for the phone call and then resumes it when the call is finished. Battery life is way longer than I had expected; I have owned these for a couple of months now and have only had to charge them twice. Buttons on the headset are quite convenient as well.  I would say the only downside to these is that they are a tad bulky somewhat resembling earmuffs. Also, depending on your head size these may or may not fit on you; I can fortunately say that they fit me with no discomfort and stay on my head even when at the gym. Great product!
I have had this phone for two months now and it is the best one I have owned,I have had three razr's and many other so called cutting edge phones even the V3i and none are as good as this,as for the pebl it is simple to open unless you are a butter fingered fool,and as for the finish wearing off on the keypad well mine is just fine.The phone is made better than the flimsey Razr is,you want a quality phone that works as well as it looks get this phone,you want cheap made buy something else.
Very good value for the money. Phone is very nice looking, a little elegant and conservative I would say.The metal top gives it a little better look and feeling compared to the previous plain razor V3. I use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for 2 or 3 days. Speakers sound nice for mp3 playing, the camera takes clear pictures and it is full of other little extras, however if you are a fan of advanced features and apps,then think twice.For me and for work this phone is perfect.The only thing that i don't like much is that the volume is not so loud, and if you are talking in a noisy place you may want it a little higher, and also be advised that this offer does not include the little memory card so you have to buy it separately.Delivery was very fast and so far I can say I am happy with this phone.If you want a day to day good looking phone I recommend you to get it.
This is the best phone I ever owned.  Reception is very good, battery life is good, ring is audible, and quality of voice is very good.  Mine already came with ear phone, USB cable, leather case and 256MB memory card.  There are a few things that are not so good: - Need to clean cover frequently (it gets easily smudged); - MP3 sound is not perfect (well this is a phone not a MP3 player); - Once when I switched the GSM card it reverted to Kanji characters and I had a hard time to find the English option ;)
Given the other reviews here, decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue, in case the first one didn't last as long.  (My original battery was worn out.)  It's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before I needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls.  Price was a major factor here compared to retail and I wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone.  The much lower price made this plan easier, giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of Razr.  And if these batteries quickly died in the short-term then I didn't lose that much in the deal.
The batteries were exactly as advertised, they were delivered in a normal timeframe, there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor.  It was "slam, bam, thank you, sirs or madams."  Battery life is really subjective as everyone's "normal" is different.  But life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery.  My experience is use of Bluetooth really drains batteries quickly.  But that's a Bluetooth issue that goes away if you don't use Bluetooth.  I have no complaints at all with this product.
I've had this headset for about a year now; I use it with a Razr.  It's a fine headset from a technical perspective: the sound is fine, it's easy to pair and use, etc.  I haven't run into any problems using it in a car, or out of doors.However, it's really not very comfortable: the hook that goes over the ear is just a bit too stiff and edgy, I wouldn't want to wear it for a long call (more than 15-20min say).For comfort and performance, consider the Plantronics Voyager 510 (around $50 at Amazon); I've had one of those (now used by my son), and it is excellent.  If you're into new gadgets, check out the Jawbone sets -- I haven't used one, but a colleague swears by the one he's been using for a couple of months.
I have a Nokia 6230 and purchased this headset from Compusa recently. Used to have a Nokia HDW-3 but the battery died and unable to find a cheap replacement battery.Pros:The unit is solidly made and easy to setup. The mute function work well, the volume is good (no DSP) and sound quality matches my old Nokia. Unlike a lot of loop headsets, this doesn't seem like it'll break/fall off as I tend to put it in my pocket when unused.Pairs fine with my Mac and you can turn off the blue light if needed. Charger is a small flip-prong type and reasonable at 2 hours to charge. Battery talk time is good although it's unclear what type of battery it has internally. The audio cues are fairly logical.Cons:Not the most comfortable headset I've tried. Prefer the in-ear like the Sony HBH-IV835 but I decided to keep this one instead as DSP might suck.
Don't get me wrong the H3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back. What I mean by that is that when your on the phone, the other party hears an echo.  This happend on all the calls. The only thing that kept me from returning it was that I lost the receipt and i threw away the box!  I don't recomend wasting your money on this. One you may try that has worked for me is the H500.  Cheap looks ok and best of all, it works!!!!  Oh yeah my Razor had a hard time linking to the H3.
I bought this direct from Amazon, and their "unlocked" phone is technically unlocked, but it has Cingular-branded firmware.For anyone not familiar with that, "branded" is a euphemism for "hacked up by the carrier to remove features and replace useful menu options with links to buy stuff."  I guess "branded" is shorter than saying all that.This is not a "clean" L7.  You may as well buy an unlocked Cingular phone from ebay.I have not yet checked all features to see what has been removed from this phone, although I immediately notice that even signed Java applications require constant "permission", while an unbranded phone would accept the Verisign certificate.
I bought the SLVR for my wife and a RAZR for my self. People who want iTunes should buy their phones through a service provider who includes it on the phone. Our unlocked SLVR (apparently produced for use in Europe...it came with European plug and a US adapter)did not come with iTunes. Having read the reviews I expected this. My wife uses her phone primarily for talking and text messaging. The SLVR has worked well for this. The only issue is that some of the shortcuts don't work. The main one missing is the one which you use to lock your keypad so that buttons are not accidently pressed. We get this message saying shortcut not available on this phone. Other than this small annoyance my wife and I really like the phone. We're living in Hungary right now and the SLVR is not sold here, so it's extra cool for others to see. The small, thin form factor is great. I'm almost tempted to get one of these to replace my RAZR!
The case is easy to use and hold securely to my belt or waistband. My phone is easy to put in and get out when I want it out, but remains secure when I don't need it.The only problem I had is with the belt clip.  It came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip.  The belt clip is very tight, and the second time I put it on my belt, the leather covering it tore and came off.  It really didn't affect the functioning at all, but I was annoyed that something I just purchased came apart on the second use.
This case is almost perfect for my Palm Treo 700.  The fit is great.  The leather is soft and of very high quality.  The magnetic closure is the best I've seen, with no alignment required yet very secure.  The one exception is the belt clip.  It takes three men and a dog to get it on or off the belt!  It is so tight that I think you could tear the case getting it on or off unless you pry it off with something like a pen.  I don't know what they were thinking putting such a tight clip on such a great case.
I spent a good bit of time reading Amazon reviews about Treo cases. Most of the cases had very mixed reviews. My Palm One Treo 700/650 Pouch Leather Case is stylish with a nice soft leather. At first my Treo moved around a little in the case. This little movement was not very noticable or bothersome. After I remembered the little pocket inside the case, I put 4 business cards inside. These were just enough to keep my Treo from moving. Actually the pocket can't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the Treo in the case. I really like the magnetic flap. It's easy to open and close. Finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt.
The only thing that I can add to the the reviews already posted on this device is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the 'bulk packaged' bundles which include the headset and the charger.Positives:- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- Quick charging.- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- Pretty good instructions.Negatives:- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- Being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)
This is a good blue tooth. I can hear great with this product. My husband had a problem with it, that is wasn't load enough for him. He drives truck. Just a little bulky for my taste. This is the first blue tooth I had when I got my first blue tooth compatible phone. Had lots of them.The only draw back is. They only lasted about six months and we had to get new one. And the product does pick up allot of background noise. But it does work well. Would recommend this to others.
I've owned two of these. It is great that it rests against your ear, and is very comfortable not having an earpiece sticking in your ear. The first one I owned, after a month, lost most of its volume. I could not make the volume louder via the volume control; the volume control actually never seemed to work, but at least at first the volume was real good...for about a month. The second one I bought lasted about 9 months, but now the button to answer or hang up on a call does not work.
But you wont find a better choice at this time. The on off switch by folding the headset and the easy to push buttons make all the difference in the world.  Don't believe me, then purchase the Jabra or one of the other headsets, place it in your pocket or purse and answer a call from your phone.  Chances are you will have forgotten to turn the unit off and your caller will be live wherever you left your Bluetooth headset within 30 feet.  The H700 folds when you take it off your ear and when it folds, it turns off.  Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !!
I just got mine after reading several reviews on this model.  The biggest and only complaint is the range.  You DO NOT get 25 feet range and to be honest you have to hold the phone on the same side as your bluetooth just so you don't get static.  I found there is no perfect bluetooth and their very expensive so this is okay if the range is the only problem I have I keep it in my pocket anyway.  My calls are clear, but I must add sometimes the phone disconnects from the bluetooth and I am answering my phone saying hello not realizing this.
I've paired mine with a Razr V3 black and a Razr V3i without any issues. The sound is perfect, no static or other interference. Callers on the other end can hear me clearly and vice versa. This is very lightweight and portable and I cannot recommend this enough!The only thing I want to mention is that when I purchased this a while back, the getting started guide was outdated and gave me an older sequence of steps for pairing the device, so it was frustrating in the beginning until I realized that the instructions were wrong. I went online to Motorola and got the proper set of instructions, and voila, perfect!
After losing my cell phone to a lake while flyfishing i decided it was time to try and avoid that mistake. I LOVE this guy i actually bought another one of these (a larger size). I can pretty much let it sit beside me in the water and it will float and not take on any water. It is the best enclosure for valuables. I took this to a theme park where i knew there would be water rides and it still protected. I also used this on the beach to protect my phone. It kept my phone out of the sandy elements. I recommend this product. Any questions please ask i am always looking for advice so i enjoy giving it when i can as well.
Took this to Hawaii so I could keep my stuff safe while in the water.  It would only fit either my cell phone or my camera, not both (plus some cash, credit cards, keys, coins, etc). My cell phone is small (smaller than iphone), and normal size point-and-shoot camera.  The strap is very uncomfortable though when u go underwater (for a long time, like snorkeling)... the whole thing spins and squeezes your wrist...and it hurts. Other than that, it kept everything dry the whole time.
I purchased this product for a dive trip to Fiji. While in Fiji I decided to take a kayak out with my camera inside this 'waterproof' case. The case was sitting between my legs and during the trip out it slid into some water. The water was maybe 2&#34; deep. It didn't even completely submerge the case. Once I was out a ways I wanted to take a picture of the resort. When I lifted the case I knew there was an issue right away when water came pouring out.My camera was ruined on the 2nd day of my 10-day vacation. There is no place to find another camera. I would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!
This case is mega study. I bought this because I go kayaking with my dad.The case is big enough to fit my IPhone and IPod in their perfectly (with their protective cases), without them moving around in there.Length wise, for just storing those 2 items it's a bit big, but at the same time its not big enough for me to squeeze my wallet in there as well.Size wise, I would have preferred a little smaller to perfectly fit the phones, or a bit longer to fit something else in there as well.That's my fault though. You can read about the sizes but I never seem to picture it right until I have the product sitting right in front of me.But it gets the job done. I recommend.
I have had this phone for almost a year now. I have not had any major issues. Though a little slippery to hold. The bad part about the keyboard is that you have to use two hands for it. I have been reading about people losing their stylus', I haven't had that problem so far. I have added a 2GB mini SD card for my tunes. Although this phone does not like Macs, it is a good windows device which requires occasional reset. A built-in task manager would help.
Great interface, but the pen is faulty. I have used the Palm and the pen is easy to use. The pen for the mda doesn't work sometimes and it's operation isn't smooth. The screen isn't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool.The email tool doesn't have an option to set business hours so you have it still downloading mail 24hrs, that wasn't good. i like my business tool silent when I am at home. And it is locked by T-mobile such that you can't install Java applications like Google maps.I returned it, for the weight it should give me the feel of an HP-IPAQ or mini-computer but I didn't get that feel at all.
It is a bit clunky..that is the bad news. All the rest is good.The phone is terrific as a phone. It has good clear sound, an easy interface, and helpful links to your contacts.The browswer feature is awesome. Edge-enabling means you have virtual 24/7 access to the internet, and to your email through the web or an Outlook style program.The 1.3 MP camera is more than adequate for the opportunity shots when you do not have your camera handy.This is a far superior product to a Blackberry unless you need push. I do not, but I have heard push software can be downloaded.I have had Pocket PC's in the past, and had no learning curve with the program. The reality is however it is quite user-friendly and takes little time to master.
I like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but I like the features, the camera, the phone is ok not wow, love the keyboard, and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do. I don't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected....Until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems, have everything you ever wanted, absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing, then you let me know but for now this phone is ok/good
The price I paid for this package was good, but the cost of shipping negated the low price. I had seen lower price from other web retailer, $8 with free shipping. Most advertizements online include just one cable. This phone tool package has two cables, one for mini-USB and one for other non-mimi-USB phones. I guess the extra cable is worth a few dollars. The software does not have much on it, but you need it to manage your phone book on your cell phone and to make your own mp3 ring tones and upload to it. Other phone maker like Samsung, you can download similar utilities for free from their website.
I love this headset.  It's lightweight, easy to adjust for right or left ear, with clear sound on both talk and listen.  This headset sounds great when talking, unlike others that sound faint to the listener.  It's very clear to listen with, and comfortable due to it's lightweight design so one can leave it on for hours.  To switch ears, you simply pivot the ear bud and voila, it fits the other ear.  It has a mute and volume control, but I never use them since my phone has a mute button on it and the volume is adjusted the way I like it.I really like this headset and would buy again if I lost it.Plantronics MX505-X1 Windsmart Boom Headset with 2.5mm Plug (Black and Gray)
I like the convenience of blue tooth and wireless, but our family keeps coming back to this top quality wired headset for sound quality. We use it so much that we just wear ours out, because we use them periodically for travel with our mobile phones, but also have them on our portable home phones. If I know that I am going to be in some wind I will use this headset instead of my wireless - just as a comparison and I use a Plantronics Voyager Pro Plus and it is a great wireless headset, but for real sound quality on both ends you can't beat the Plantronics MX500 series. I hope they keep them around for a while.
I have had a few of these (broke them, totally my fault) and I use them with the adapter for my Android phone. I am very sensitive about clients and calls with press people hearing me clearly, easily and consistently. I take this headset and the sister 3-in-1 version any day over several bluetooth headsets I have purchased over the years. I know its an older product, but it works extremely well. If they made them out of Titanium, I would buy it at almost any price because I have trashed (again, my fault, dog ate one, I crushed the other) two of them. Thankfully they are inexpensive.
I bought a Plantronics bluetooth headsetPlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headsetfor the car and was extremely happy with it. I wanted to leave it in the car, though, because I knew if I took it with me when I got out, I would never remember to put it back in the car.  I decided to get a wired headset to keep in my briefcase because, despite being very technically literate, I'm still leary about something emitting radio waves stuck in my ear all day.  The MX505 has been great.  Most importantly, it's durable.  It also has good sound quality and the people I call have no trouble hearing me.
The C139 is the cheapest model in Tracfone's lineup.  It's a very good basic phone that gives you good voice clarity and easy text messaging.  Because Tracfone doesn't have a lot of services to offer (which isn't a bad thing for people who only want basic cellular service), this phone doesn't give you music downloads or live TV (which on other carriers are mostly misleading hype anyway).  The color screen is small but good-quality.  The only thing I don't like is Tracfone's 60-day refill polic: you must refill every 60 days to keep your account active; otherwise you forfeit your number and balance.  Other prepaid providers like Speak Out Wireless (from 7-Eleven) give you one full year of usage.
If you have a child who you want to carry a cell phone, but don't want to pay lots of money for all of the extras (or if you yourself just want a "basic" phone), this is a good value for the money.  Large screen displays numbers very clearly.  Sound quality is good.  Battery life is a little short and the phone cannot be used while it is charging (that's a pretty big negative, IMO).  But overall, this is a good starter phone and serves the purpose.  If you just want a dependable phone to carry with you in case of emergencies, this phone fits the bill nicely.
I bought this phone because I was sick of Sprint's contracts. It has been great for the following reasons:- cheap ($13)- superb coverage: I travel coast to coast and even get service in the backwoods of rural Alabama (Costa Rica too)- battery lasts and lasts (and lasts)- easy to useAll I wanted was a phone that worked.  After previously owning the $700 mini-computer type phone I was ready to kick 'em all to the curb but this has been great.  If you're tired of the high charges and contract hassles, give this a try.  I spent $100 on 1200 minutes and a year's worth of service.The only caveat to this service is that you get dinged for an entire minute even if you only used 2 seconds of it.  But with all the other good stuff that it does have, that little detail doesn't bother me a bit!
Beware Tracfone. I regret that Amazon won't let me give them 0 stars. We got this phone for my wife's aunt last December. After 1 year of trying to get this working, she still cannot receive calls. She can call out, but no one can call her. Tracfone support is useless (and generally only marginally speaks English). You also cannot manage the phone or minutes on line. You have to call in and give them about 60 digits that the phone shows you to do almost anything. We're letting this one die with over 400 units left on it because it is basically useless. Coverage isn't good either, but who cares if you can't receive calls anyway? There has got to be a better option, because I doubt there are many worse ones.
I've had this thing for years now, and use it all the time. At one point I went to plug my USB cord in without looking and totally smashed the internal stuff up inside the top! I thought it was broken, however after finding something small to push the innerds back down to where the cord would once again fit inside, it's worked just fine. Never cuts out or anything. I still have to be careful, otherwise I'll push the internal casing back upwards - I'm sure I broke some little stabilizer - but I can get it back down easily. I'm impressed.
Went on a cruise, wanted something waterproof for cell phone and wallet contents while on the beach or doing activities where stuff might get wet.  This little number fit the bill quite well.  Durable plastic, clever latches that work well to seal the top.  I leak tested it before leaving, and was impressed with the seal.  When we went snorkelling there were free lockers to use, so I didn't actually use it IN the water, but I would have felt safe doing so if lockers weren't available. We like to canoe during the summer, this will be much more convenient for cell phones, etc, than the larger dry bag I have been using.  My wife was impressed enough with mine that she wants one by summertime.  Recommend!
While fishing I'd used an identical but &#34;brand name&#34; dry pak that was loaned by a friend. The Kwik Tek is, as I said identical, but a good bit cheaper. Waterproof and mudproof protection for my iPhone that I've used fishing and working outside in damp, muddy conditions. Some padding provides additional protection from drops and bumps. Should float with most devices, especially if you leave some air inside. Except for the camera, phone and apps are fully functional although I prefer to remove it for talking. Lanyard provides a bit of extra security that I haven't yet needed but will when kayaking. Between uses to assure inside is totally dry, it is a good idea to prop open to air or drop in one of those silica packs. Guess you could get some protection from a baggie, but at this low price the Kwik Tek is cheap insurance for your phone and priceless data.
With buying a $400 cell phone out of pocket I wasn't going to take any chances on it.  This pouch saved my phone's life!  I attached the pouch to my mountain bike with large rubberized bands (made for the purpose) that stretch and wrap around the bars and have loops on the end to stretch around the phone.I unexpectedly sank and tipped over in a small stream my phone and bike became caked in mud.  I washed off the case in a river and my phone was just fine on the inside.  This pouch has become coveted by fellow mountain bikers who do it without protection... on their phones.
This cable functions fine (at first), but it probably won't hold up to everyday use.  I've inserted mine maybe 20 times, and one of the spring-loaded contacts just became permanently stuck, making the cable worthless.  Sure it's dirt cheap, which is nice compared to the expensive real Nokia cable, but with what these accessory vendors charge for shipping, I'd recommend ordering several of these at one time from a source with a good deal on multiple items.  I'm now trying to decide whether to do that myself or shell out for the real deal with a real warranty.
This device is a small attachment for any of the Navigon 2100, 5100 or 7100 series GPS.For some reason, Navigon decided to place the charger receptacle on the BOTTOM (facing downwards) of their units. This makes little difference if you use the windshield suction cup to hold and display your unit. However, if you use the adhesive disc for the dash then the charger cord will likely have to be bent at right angles to make the connection, as its receptacle on the GPS points straight down. This device, when attached to the GPS, allows allows the charger cord to come in from the side, eliminating any acute bending of the cord.Conclusion:A helpful device for all Navigon GPS units; intend for those users who wish to have their unit mounted to the dash. 5 Stars
I have a very nice Bluetooth headphset with a power connector that is simply not accessible by the cable unless I charge it unfolded.  The design is really bad for me as I want to be able to charge it folded.  The right angle adapter is just what I needed and the price was right.  It works pretty well for me, so I am giving it 4 stars.I have to be a little nit-picky, but I actually would have preferred a &#34;left&#34; angle connector -- the right angle works for me, but a connector pointed in the other direction would have worked even better.  Note that the connector exactly matches the picture in the product description so I knew what I was getting ahead of time.  I just wanted to get something that apparently nobody makes.  Anyway, if you need the right angle, then it will be a 5 star review for you.
I am using this to keep my Garmin Nuvi 360 powered up while driving.  I didn't know this when I got it, but if the Garmin is plugged in and not using battery power, it automatically turns on when the car is turned on (that's what I get for not reading the instruction manual, lol).To have a cleaner appearance in the car, I have the mini-usb plugged into the ball mount that is holding the GPS and not plugged into the GPS itself.  Unfortunately, that port is really close to the ball mount which restricts it's movement when plugged in.  With the adapter, it makes the cable less intrusive and makes the GPS free to adjust with the ball mount to nearly any position desired.  In combination with a 1.50 mini-usb cable, probably the cheapest way to keep my Nuvi charged while driving!!
I purchased the Jabra A125s Bluetooth iPod Adapter along with the Jabra BT620s Bluetooth Headphone and have enjoyed both.  They were easy to set up and since they are both from the same manufacturer they both use the same charger so I do not have any extra ones to worry about and I always have a spare to take with me when I am gone for long periods of time.The only suggestions that I would have would be for a positive connection to my iTouch; as it is now it is too easy to wiggle out just enough so that the connection is not good and I have to push it back in.Of course this only happens when I am walking it works great when I am just lounging around listening to tunes.
I bought this headphones from local storepairing is not hard with laptopthe control layout is a lot like Motorola HT820 (vol and call/power switch are on the left; play and prev/next are on the right)the RF is OK, pretty much like Logitechthe problem is sound in hifi mode, it sounds like CD player has Mega Bass turned on, bass is over-emphasized on some partthe headphone is pretty comfortable to wearI give score of 88/100, the sound in hifi mode is not good as expected, also, AVRCP is kinda sluggish
Looks very cool.  Very convenient charging via USB port.  Not so good sound quality.  Audio has a lot of static tics and pops and that is the only reason I give this 2 stars.  Everything else is great.Pairs quickly with my Nextel i870.I lost my Plantronics 510, so will fall back to this unit until I can find the latest earpiece that has received good reviews.  Other may have a great experience with this earpiece.  Unfortunately, I am not one of them.  Maybe I got a "bad" one.
I got this to use my 5g iPod with my BT-3030 BT adapter.I got this over the 125s because I can potentially use this with anything that has a 3.5mm jack. And the 125s looked a bit fragile.At least with my BT-3030 it works very well.  It doesn't have a lot of range (40 feet at most line of sight) but that's not my concern.Only downsides are no user replaceable battery and it only charges with USB.  It'd be nice if it doubled as a USB to BT dongle for the PC, but oh well.It's a lot smaller than I thought it'd be.  So small in fact that Jabra should consider making an iPod sleeve with a a120s pocket attached. (are you listening Jabra?)The other minor issue is that when it's fully charged, the power button/indicator LED changes green, but not always.  Sometimes it'll go green after an hour sometimes after 10.I'd recommend this to anyone wanting to use a simple universal BT transmitter.
I use this transmitter on the back of my tv with my Bluetooth headphones. It works perfectly for my purpose and the battery lasts pretty long, given the size of this thing. It's really small, smaller than a matchbox even. Charges up in about 2 hours and will go for a couple weeks, with an hour or two of use per day. I did have some problems trying to get this thing to pair, it's looks as if there are no buttons, don't worry, it's there. The light is also the button, on the opposite side of the USB charging port, and the audio cable. Once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it. Then you'll have no problems. I definitely recommend this little transmitter.
This device is pretty simple, plug it in, hold the button to pair and thats pretty much it. It works fine with theJabra BT620s Headphonesand does its job well, but my only complaint is that it seems to suffer from some interference every now and then that some of my other Bluetooth devices don't.Please note well that this is just a minor quibble, and the overall performance is superb. The device comes with a USB-A to USB-Mini-B cable (pretty standard) and will charge via any USB port. I get between 8-12 hours of use per charge.Note: This will only work with headsets that support the A2DP profile. It does not have a regular Mono headset profile.
This item links up easily.  Dont make the mistake I did of trying to pair it each time...you dont have to once you have paired it once.  this transmits a true 30 feet.  I'm driving to key west next week and will know how long a charge lasts after that.  Nice to finally be able to use my wireless bluetooth stereo headset on any of my sound players..Update:  This stopped working after a year...the on/off button is unresponsive now.  It was great while it lasted!!!
I just purchased this device, and use it with a Motorola V365 cell phone (AT&T). Although the quality of the sound may not equal that of your land line phone, or maybe even your cell phone under ideal conditions, it is excellent.  The people with whom I have spoken say that I sound fine, and I am pleased with how they sound. There is absolutely no issue with the volume. Based on my experience, I am comfortable saying that for the price,  you will be very happy with the Blue Ant.
Very convenient product to have that allows for easy movement from one vehicle to the next.  The speaker quality is good and the ability to shift the microphone to a different angle is a nice touch.  I gave it 4 stars because it doesn't consistently automatically connect to the LG enV phone after pairing the two devices together.  Sometimes if I try to make a call via voice dial, it won't activate the phones voice dial feature like it should when I press the Answer/End button.  Overall the product is a good product, but LG enV buyers beware of the inconsistencies.
As other reviews have said, this works quite well as a bluetooth speaker phone. However, the visor clip on mine kept slipping on the visor, resulting in the phone moving around.  When I moved the phone to the other end of the visor, hoping that being closer to the connection to the car instead of a snap that held it in place would result in less vibration and hence less motion, it failed to cover the road noise. I suspect this is more a problem with my car, in that the visor bounces more and is slippery, than with the speakerphone, but it stillwent back.
The voice quality of Blueant Supertooth II is better than my factory installed Cadillac Bluetooth phone. Amazingly powerful speakerphone in such a small package. The listeners at the other end, who used to complain of muffled voice from my built in Cadillac Bluetooth phone, can now hear clearly and sometime have hard time believing that I am calling from handsfree phone. It sticks very securely to the magnetic attachment for the visor. Construction is a little bit like cheap Chinese products Because the metal cover for my on/off switch fell off on the first day. But overall it is a good product and you will be pleased at its performance.Update 4/29/2008: The speaker stopped working after a week. BlueAnt said the product is discontinued and they will replace with Supertooth Light
Screen is absolutely beautiful, charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days.  Quickdial, camera, online button, voicedialing all great.  Antenna is excellent, but not perfect.  Walkman is good, but could use a little more human factors work.  Small as it is, the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well.  Adding google maps and Yahoo! mail to the phone and it's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date.  Excellent bang for the buck.
Nice slider phone, wanted a change from the bricks and flip phones.  Bluetooth is great, and the Samsung PC Suite (free download from Samsung) lets you edit your contacts, upload ringtones, and just about anything else you want to do.  Battery life is great, about one week between charges.  The speaker is not the greatest quality, so a headset is recommended.  Cingular did not bundle a headset, so that's extra.  Interface is intuitive and functions are easy to figure out.  Speakerphone sound quality is only marginal.The main selling point of the phone is its sliding and its thinness.  Other than that, it's basically like all other GSM phones.  There are cheaper flip phones that can also do video.I would have given this phone five stars if the sound quality was better.
Samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color LCD. This is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. The only complaint that I have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. Sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. Speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. Overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by Samsung in a compact package.
This is the phone Cingular insurance replaced my Sony Ericsson W600i phone with.  Supposedly if they can't give you the same phone (which they couldn't because the W600i has been discontinued) they're supposed to replace it with something comparable.  There's about a $150 price difference between these two phones so I'm not sure how they figure these two are comparable but oh well.Cons: the speaker is way too quiet, the proprietary data cable is not included, the clear button is too close to the down arrow, and turning the volume up or down is annoying because it rings. I also have a glitch in my phone where it sometimes rings for no reason after adjusting the volume and the only way to get it to stop is to power off the phone.Pros: looks cool, slide function is fun, easy to use, stays locked, large display, lightweight, and slim.Bottom Line:  Would I buy it?  No.
After getting myself a new VX8700, I picked up a new VX8300 for my girlfriend. The VX8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone Verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. Sound quality, speakerphone, RF, and battery life all seem very good. The camera takes decent pictures. It has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. With a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. At this price, I give it 5 stars.
used phone for one bill cycle and works just fine activation was quick and easy phone has minor color fade mark and some scratches on the screen but over all phone works  very well and i am happy this was my first used purchased i usally buy new but since they no longer sell this phone new is really not an option i am very satisfied i got what i paid for.note the phone is not factory reset so numbers,photos,media and call history were still in the device so i had verizon clear it and reset it due to a lock placed on the security settings recommend factory reset before selling any product just so theirs no issue on privicy
The headset works pretty well with my treo 755p. In fact, it's the best headset I've found for the treo (tried plantronics and motorola previously without success). However, the ear hooks were missing from the package and Samsung customer service wouldn't even speak to me without me providing my phone's ESN numbers. WTH? I also attempted to make a request on Samsung's service website, which also would not function correctly. I called Amazon CS and they sent a replacement after 4 minutes on the phone. AWESOME!
The WEP200 sounds pretty good, is easy to use and is pleasantly small, but the system for keeping it in the ear is nearly useless. It comes with three different sizes of these little rubber loop things that are supposed to create enough pressure and friction on the inside of the auricle to keep the device in place, but none of them would keep the little thing in my ear, it would always fall out.It comes with nice a little case that also serves as the charger.  However, this device also a little bit overpriced. So, on to the next one.
This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and I'm getting frustrated trying to find one that both works good and fits good. This one works great, but frankly I don't understand why that can't design one that is comfortable to wear.Once you figure out how it is supposed to be worn, it isn't too bad, however I can only wear it about an hour at a time. Most of the time I keep it in my shirt pocket, and put it in my ear when my phone rings.I'm keeping it, because it works better than all the other ones. Just don't understand why they don't make them like earbud headset.
This is a great little item.  I stress the 'little' part.  You won't feel like the Borg with this in your ear.  As a matter of fact, you won't even realize it is there.  One thing I would recommend.  Get the little attachment so you can loop it over your ear.  It is available from Samsung for 5.95 I believe.  Without it, you will have an extremely hard time keeping the headset in your ear.  And, it is so small and light, you may not even realize that it has fallen out.  It will drive you crazy without this piece.  I don't understand why it is not included with the headset - it is that necessary.  I have looked at the more expensive ones.  I see no reason to pay the big bucks.  Get it!
This is by far the best headset I've used.  Both performance & comfort, I've not found anything better yet. If you're looking at any current Motorola headsets, stop now and look no further.  This unit worked equally well on both Moto Q & Samsung U740.Pros:1. in ear design(no hook) - I always hated having to wear a hook over your ear because It gets in the way when I wear my sunglasses2. I like the fact that it has a hard case for protection while not in use and it doubles as a charger base.3. probably one of the smallest and lightest I've use.Cons:1. Haven't really found any yet.** Make sure you don't buy the fake ones from ebay/else where.  With no tax/shipping, this amazon price is still one of the best price for this out there.
This was a very nice bluetooth headset until I lost it. since it so small, I tuck it away and now I can't find it ;(. anyways, I had 2 great headset by Plantronics and samsung. both are very good, but if I had to choose, I would choose Samsung for it connects to my phone without too much hassle compare to plantronics 510 voyager, where I had to constantly reset my phone to get connect it. on the other hand Plantronics Voyager 510 voice is far superior to Samsungs (IMO).
After putting myPlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint Technologythrough our washing machine, I thought I'd purchase a cheap $20 replacement.  The Plantronics Voyager 510 was a little large but I was always satisfied with the voice quality and fit on my ear.  The Samsung WEP200 does not compare in function to the Voyager 510.  I never could get it to attach to my ear and stay there.  Nor was the sound quality very good.  Overall, Samsung makes great LCD TVs and decent printers.  This device, like their Blu-Ray players, is lacking in function and performance.  I returned it to Amazon for a refund and will buy another Voyager 510.
I just recently bought my fourth WEP200.  This is a great headset.  Everyone I've bought it for loves its.  Its small, discrete and stays in  your ear.  Takes a bit to figure out how to put it in your ear.  But once it is in, it stays in.  Very easy to connect with my phones: LGVX9700, LGVX9400, Samsung SCH-a950, Samsung U550, LGVX8500.  Great buy.  Should have bought more than 1 when it was 4.99 after 20 mir.
This bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others I've researched. I purchased it for my daughter, and she loves it.  It paired easily with her Env2 Verizon phone.  I called her to test it and I could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too. There was no feedback noise or echo.  She reports that it is very comfortable, and she has been wearing it for long periods of time without a problem.  The standby time is 70 hours, so it doesn't have to be constantly charging. Great product.
First, the ear clip snapped around the clip that holds it on. Hmm, OK, I'll replace it.EVERY time that I tried to answer a call with that wondrous "one button wonder" I disconnected or worse, couldn't hear it loud enough. for whatever Allen Funt reason, this !#!@?!! thing resets to the lowest audio setting all by itself. It doesn't fit into my ear(s) but sort of hangs over it on that damned cheap earpiece that never held right. Pretty much guaranteed to be a worse distraction while driving than picking up the phone itself: distractingly nonfunctional and some engineer's idea of punking everybody who buys it.This was a replacement for my lost Samsung headset that was a much better product, but gone, darn it. As such, I've relegated THIS absurd farce to a place on a shelf until I can conveniently find a way to extract some measure of revenge on it.
I bought this headset on the recommendation of a very picky friend, so I figured it would be great. Wrong. The ear loop is cumbersome to put on, and the ear bud by itself will not stay in my average ear. Worse, you have to place the headset in a recharging box (???? What happened to a simple plug??), meaning that the ear loop needs to come off. A Jabra ear gel fits on the unit . . . but the ear piece needs to come off to recharge. The nail in the coffin is that the ear piece volume is terribly low, necessitating a constant shove of a finger to ensure no aural leakage, even in my ultra-quiet Toyota Sequoia. To be fair, the sound quality was reported to to be very good, but the drawbacks far outweigh the pluses.
Expected a small earphone based on reviews but was still surprised at it's tiny size when first looking at it up close.Medium ear "hook" worked for me - suggest playing with this (removing the rubber hook and adjusting it on the ear piece) until getting right fit - the bud goes in ear and added loop of rubber is supposed to counter against the curve in another part of your outer ear - genius design imho and when this thing is in, even jumping up and down or shaking your head or tapping your head (yes tried that too, silly I know...) will not dislodge this.Paired easily with a samsung ach930, sound is great and the other side of the call is also impressed, no complaints of echo or static.Have a plantronics 510 which is good, this wep200 is smaller yet compares in quality to the plantronics.
It's 2nd headset I had.  I used to have Moto HS850.  WEP200 is better as far as connection; way to operate it.  Easy to carry it around.  It doesn't solid stay in my ear even I used the largest loop. So I won't always put it in my ear, only when there is a call. The voice is clear in in-door or inside the car with windows up.  Noise cancelling is not as good as HS850.  When I walk on the street in a little windy climate, the other party start complaining the noise.  This is what Samsung needs to find the way to improve it.
The first thing I noticed with the Samsung WEP200 when I first connected it to my Treo 750 was how fast it connected and how great the quality was.I have owned many Bluetooth Headsets and most of them had unusable static or they would not connect to my device in a timely fashion or even connect after the unit was in standby for long periods of time.The WEP200 connects quickly and the sound quality is superb.People on the other end can't even tell I am on a Bluetooth headset.The earpiece fits into my ear snugly and is fairly comfortable for about a few hours and then it gets a bit on the sore side. I wish there was some sort of necklace dongle where it could be placed and taken off when needed.Its small and very light and the range is excellent.Very highly recommended.
I really like this inexpensive lightweight bluetooth headset!  Works well on my end, but sometimes the person on the other end of the call hears an echo.  Stays in my ear great without the clip that goes around your ear.  It charges up in a protective flip top box, so the headset doesn't have to plug directly into wall charger.  I store my headset in the small charging box and carry it in the small box in my pocket when not in use.  I love it that this was only $18!!!  Can't beat that price!!
I bought the BLT-04 case to use with the Motorola H700 headset.  It fits the headset very nicely, but..  But, the design of the case does not prevent the  multifunction button from being pushed if the case is at all squeezed, even though there is a recess in the case cover you'd think would prevent that.  The result is that I'd often find the pairing light on and the battery close to drained.If you are going to clip the case on a shirt pocket, it might be ok, though even the tension of the elastic of the case is enough to push the headset button.  If the case will be put inside a briefcase or purse, then you should probably reconsider.
This is a great idea! You have cases for phones so why not have one for your bluetooth. I have a Motorola HS850 earpiece and wanted to make sure that I would not lose or misplace it. This holder clips on to my car visor or my purse so it is handy. It fits my earpiece perfectly. I got one for my husband and brother for their bluetooth. You can't beat the quality or the price. I definitely recommend this for anyone that has an earpiece and is constantly misplacing it.
i tried this headset with a samsung upstage and a nokia n75....before this headset only used two kind of motorolla headset.nokia is louder! and its stays in place so u can hillclimb... riding a bike.. joging, whatever... it will stay on your ears = wont come off! BUT!! IT IS uncomfortable! i had to change side every hours because the headset hurt my ears after a while.but... the line still breaking up all the time if im not using it in a car or a room or a hall... if i step out with this headset ( paired with whatever kind of phone) from a car or room, out to the street all the voice is gonna break up.. it is NOT the phones.. its the headset or the technology.. same thing= we wont be satisfied....so if u looking for something wich is comfy and good.. buy another nokia headset.. if u need a headset because u are a sportman.. then this is your headset!!!!!!
It's been a few years now since I had this bluetooth headset, but out of the MANY that I've used, this was by far my favorite.  I could listen to streaming music with it from my phone and it stayed on my ear really well.  This is the only headset I've had where people could actually hear me all the time.  The sliding boom mic made a big difference.The downfall of this model, as other reviewers have also written, is that the rubber tips that hold the headset on your ear break off with time.  I used superglue and prolonged the life of mine for a while, but it was annoying.
I would have given this a 5-star if it was only a clip/wired BT headset. It works flawlessly when used in that configuration. When you use it as an in-ear only headset, there is a tiny (barely noticeable, but there) amount of static. The person on the other end never complains. I do like the fact that for $20 you can convert it into to different styles.Two suggestions:1) I STRONGLY suggest using the included ear foam in either configuration. This makes the unit fit tighter and reduces background noise. This way you can turn down the volume a bit and the sound is clearer.2) Tinker with the volume on your phone AND the headset. You need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good. Once you do, you'll be happy.
I had seen reviews by folks who had problems with this unit, but tried it anyway as the price was great.The initial charge took less than the 6 hours stated in the documentation, but I've been using it for a week and haven't needed to recharge it as of yet.The reviewer who recommended using the foam cover was absolutely right.  It eliminates most of the background or wind noise.  The unit stays on my ear reliably.  I use the included ear hook.While the output from the microphone could be a little better, I don't have to speak excessively loudly to use it.The LEDs are needlessly bright, but since I don't see them when the unit is on my ear, this is not a big deal.
Well, I went ahead and bought this at the reduced price. It was good at first and then other people were having problems hearing me and I was misunderstood because of this headset. Thankfully, it wasn't one of my important calls and just resulted in a bit of confusion between that person and me. I am returning this product because it is just not worth it to me if the other person cannot hear me properly. I do like the design of it and the fact that you get to choose how you place it in your ear. I don't care about it otherwise.
I had to write in and contradict the review saying you can only use this on your right ear.  the instructions show you how to switch it, and you can even switch the volume control from the bottom to the top, so it is on the top regardless of which ear you use it on. NOTE: if you want a Y splitter for car or home charging for this, you have to use model P000, not the one that comes up on a search, because you need a splitter with 2 mini-USBs (one for your phone, one for the headset). Only had it one day, so can't comment on the other issues.
I love this headset for the money! I've been using it for a couple years now and I don't know how I ever lived without it. I have gotten my money's worth a hundred times over. I find it comfortable enough that I forget I'm even wearing it. I have some issues with clarity in a few spots, but if I hold my phone closer to the headset in the fuzzy spots, it's okay... and that's not in a lot of places, just happens once in a while. It's easy to pair with any phone too. I used to have a motorola and recently switched to a Samsung. It paired up with no problem. I recommend this product. It's a great place to start if you're looking for your first bluetooth.
This headset fit great in my ear, its look is very cool, but a few flaws:1. Volume buttons are not easy to reach once the unit is fitted in your ear.2. Using it in windy conditions may get you in an uncomfortable conversation (hello?... are you there? It feels like you're within a hurricane...), and I don't mean only outdoors, you maybe inside your car with the A/C on and if it's blowing right at your face, you'll get this kind of problem
After a small amount of screwing around the H500 connected with myNokia N75 without a hitch.  I find that if you firmly place the earloop around the base of the ear and then fold in the receiver in fitsfirmly and doesn't come loose.  I agree that the volume could go higher;however, in a quiet room it is adequate.  I'm told that I'm clearlyheard on the other end of the connection.  This is also in a quiet room.Small and lite.  I think this a rather nifty piece of gear.
I really like the design but keep in mind you are sacrificing protection for aesthetics. It really only covers the back of the phone which in my opinion is the least important part. The screen is largely unprotected except for a slight lip around the edge which may or may not protect the screen but I have yet to drop it.You really have to press fairly hard on the buttons to elicit a response which gets annoying after a while. I solved this by cutting the button part out with an exacto knife.I have a otterbox style case for this as well but it adds too much bulk to an already large phone so this is my go-to case.
I got this for my International Galaxy note N7000 and it fits great.  I would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well.  It works great to protect your phone and it looks great as well.My phone is white so it makes the case look like a lighter blue, I think it's a really pretty color and I love it.  It's see through so I put some fortunes from fortune cookies to show through on the back for fun.But just be warned that the product picture is of the "blue" galaxy note phone, so if you have a white one the case will appear lighter in color.
This case is made of a firmer material than the silicone cases, which is perfect because it doesn't stretch or get caught when going in or out of a pocket or case.  It hugs the phone tight enough that many people won't know you have a case on it.  At first I thought the case was making button use difficult, but then I took the case off and realized the Galaxy Note buttons are terrible even without a case.  It's not much more difficult with the case on, and you do get used to it.  The textured grip area on the sides is a nice tough as well.
I have owned many phones over the years and a lot of expensive cases.This by far is the best case I have come across. It does not add any bulk to the phone and the pure comfort of holding it in the hand is speechless. The embossed sides , the nice rubbery feel gives good comfort and it's not a dust magnet.I only ordered this case because the the one that I had did not protect the corners of the phone when dropped. I will definitely keep this brand in mind in the future. It's that good and I definitely recommend this for anyone who wants good protection, comfort and style. Thank you BoxWave...
This case is ok , but there are certainly better ones out there for cheaper.I ordered this case with high expectation thinking i was going to recieve a brand name product from Boxwave , instead i recieved a generic case with no branding .There are other cases here on amazon and other sites that are exactly the same thing i recieved for less then half the price this one is being sold for.For some reason my comments doesnt get approved im not sure why , just letting you all know my personal experience with this transaction .
I'm using this case with the AT&T version of the Note. It gets 5 stars for the high quality/price ratio. The material is soft and flexible, the cut-outs line up ok... not perfect, but they don't cause any functionality issues. I love the textured hand grips on the sides. The hard buttons require a little more pressure to push, but i prefer to have the covered over having them open, but recessed under the case. The s-pen opening is fine with my case, I have no problem getting it out. It does make the Note feel noticeably heavier than the naked phone, but there is a lot of area to cover on the note. It's not a perfect case, but I've paid $30 on cases for other "iDevices" that had similar issues. Boxwave shipped pretty quickly, but there was no tracking available.
I highly recommend this case for the Samsung Galaxy Note.  I have the international unlocked version of the Note, and it fits perfectly.  It's durable and gives me the peace of mind that the phone isn't going to slip out of my hands.  I love the knurled edges that make it easy to grip. The case is also very slim, so you hardly know it's even there.  The case makes the power button harder to press, but I am getting used to it.  I have 3 different style USB cables, and none of them could seat entirely in the socket with this case (the cables would work and allow me to connect/charge my phone, but if you bumped anything, the cable would fall out). I ended up using a dremel rotary tool to slightly enlarge the opening in the case around the USB port, and now all of my cables seat properly.  These are minor quibbles, though.  I love this case.
Pros:  Works as it should. Easy connection to the phone.  Good talk time. Comfortable fit on the ear.  Easy to use.One Con: I could use this headset without any problems. My wife would get bad echo issues where the person she was talking with heard themselves as an echo.  Guess it has to do with the fit to the ear.  In my case the path from the earpiece to the mike was blocked but open in her case.  She had the same issue with a Motorola H500 earpiece and i can use the same Motorola earpiece fine.Purchased a Plantronics 510 which works for her.  No reports of echo from the person she is talking with.
This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and it is by far the best working headset. It is clear. I can hear while driving, people can hear me like I am talking into the phone.My one complaint is that it doesn't fit well on my ear. If they had made the ear loop another 1/4" I would be giving this 5 stars. Instead it never feels exactly right, and ends up hurting my ear if I wear it for extended periods.I'm keeping it, but I am looking for a different way to attach it to my ear.
Overall this headset is one of the best I have owned, and I own quite a few.  I have 3 different Jabras, a motorola, another plantronics, and various other off brands.  This headset is clear and since it fits directly in the ear, more than loud enough.  Pairing is a snap.  I am currently using it with my new Samsung a990.The only gripe, which isn't really anything serious is this. I wear the headset in my right ear.  While driving at night, the blinking of the device is extremely bright.  You can see it through the cabin of the vehicle.
Product came without shipping slip, no protective packaging. .Bluetooth was placed in a plastic bag, slipped in an envelope and mailed.  Quality is very poor.  Crackling, buzzing muffled sounds very annoying and diapointing to recieve something you are expecting to use all the time to not being able to use it.  I would not recomend this vendor to anyone.  Description stated very clearly that it would be packaged in retai packaged and pictured with extra items.  This came with bluetooth only and charge cord; no instruction or any other accessories with this.
I am replacing this headset (It replaced an Explorer 320) with a 510 because I am sick and tired of swivel earhooks getting loose and falling off-which is apparently NOT a warranty issue according to Plantronics. Their recommendation? Replace the headset. I ordered my 510 tonight-can't wait to replace this one. Note-it drops calls frequently, which I know is a cell-phone company issue because it happens with the phone too. But the swivel earpieces are ridiculous. I could have bought a 520 for $2 more but chose not to because of the SWIVEL!
I really don't have a lot of time. That is why I shop online, So if I'm purchasing an item that is to be used to make life more convenient, like a Bluetooth headset, it really is obnoxious to receive one that is &#34;worse than sucks&#34;. This item did not even charge. Plantronics really needs to pull this item because it is really damaging to their reputation to have this out there for sale. I choose Plantronics because as a Regional Sales Manager/Road Warrior, I've always had luck with Plantronics. Too bad that this one was a lemon.
It's a fairly good headset. Negatives: does a poor job of screening out wind noise & other noises; when I make a 2nd call, it doesn't always find the phone & I have to punch a few buttons to get it working again.Positives: very comfortable - I forget I have it on; fairly discreet looking; battery life is very good; hooks up to my phone (Treo 700p) seamlessly - I very rarely have to pair it up again; I can hear very well, even in my noisy diesel pickup!
I like this bluetooth mainly because of the fit.  I find it stays comfortably in your ear and doesn't easily fall off.  I previously bought a Motorola blue tooth and dropped it about 5 days after I got it, I could no longer get a connection to my phone and pretty much threw it out.  I have dropped this about 2 times already and it still works fine.  I like that you can easily rotate to put on your other ear because I cannot handle something in my ear for too long. The sound quality is not perfect but I think it is great for the price. I bought one for each of my family members.
Plantronics is a world leader in ear-piece peripherals. They manufacture every imaginable headsets from telephone to gaming. The Explorer 330 fits the bill to supplement a bluetooth cellphone and its ease of use and functionality is way superior to a lot of bluetooth headphones out there. I have had mine for about 2 years now and has always worked great. Pairing is not a problem for this headset, once the pairing is recorded in the phone, there are no quirks about pairing it when you need to use it. Distance-wise, it does not conform to the 33ft maximum, but on a personal note, I hardly part the headset with the phone in that distance so it hardly matters according to my intended use. Overall happy with this headset as it has exceeded my expectations to great lengths!
Picked this up when it was on sale and I must admit that it works great. Fits well and stays put. Sound is crisp. I've received no complaints from people on the other end of the call. The battery holds up well. And it's easy to use. Used with an iPhone and Blackberry with no issues.Update: This headset has lastest quite a while with a lot of use. I sit on daily conferences, and this is always in my ear during the conferences. It's comfortable and lightweight. The sound is still great (on both ends). And no issues with durability!
The Explorer 350 is simple to set up and use.  Here's my lowdown:Positive:- easy set up and use- good sound- balances well on the ear and easy to put on- nice options charging in car or via a USB port- nice options for mounting it in the car- nice phone ringing tone in the earpieceNegatives:- no built-in mute function (that I can find)- if you want to recharge via outlet, you have to purchase a chargerThis is my second Plantronics bluetooth headset.  The first (Voyager) had all the bells as whistles, but the buttons were very small and the volume button broke when I dropped it on a tile floor.  This one is easier to adjust on the fly but you have to be willing to live with no mute.
Of all the various brands of bluetooth headsets I've purchased, all of the Plantronics products seem to offer the best value for the dollar.  I have purchased other headsets from Sennheiser, BlueAnt, Trek, Jawbone, Pioneer, Sony, Motorola, and god knows who else. Plantronics has been the ONLY brand that I've been a repeat customer of.  I've gotten the same sound quality out of this $20something headset as I did from the $140+ Jawbone and $160+ Sennheiser!  My advice, simple, order this or any Plantronics headset, take the change and get some new games or apps on that fancy Android handset...
I have never been up with technology.  My friend always had music on his phone and was listening to it all the time.  I wanted to do the same.  Going into this not sure I came out very pleased.  I have a M520 phone and I listen to music all the time now.  It has loud speakers and eliminates background noises.  I haven't quite figured out how to answer the calls because when I hit the button on he headphones my phone freezes up.  I really enjoy them.
This was worth the price,earpiece volume is great, no problem hearing incoming voice.  The only problem is that the mic is so far away from my mouth (as a result of such a compact product), that in order to have good voice transmission, I must hold my hand up and "cup" it from the corner of my mouth to the earpiece so my voice can be heard clearly.  This product would be perfect if it the mic portion extended a couple inches further towards the mouth.
I've tried both the Motorola HS810 and the Treo bluetooth headsets, and this by far is the best one. The problem with Motorola is that it doesn't synch with the Treo 650 100% of the time; while the Treo headset has very poor volume (I need to be in a quiet room to hear anything). The Cardo Scala 700 has great fit (it sits right over the ear canal), great volume (even when driving with windows down), and it synchs with the Treo 650 all the time. This is the headset I'd recommend for anyone with the Treo 650.
I was concerned after ordering this device, when I read many reviews that said this device was a cheap piece of plastic that didn't fit into their ear properly. When I opened the packaged and first put it in my ear, I thought "oh no - they were right!"But I then read the manual and after adjusting the "ear loop" and angling the headset slightly downward, it fit perfectly into my ear! It's snug, it doesn't flop around at all. It fits in a different way from your traditional "ear plug" device but in many ways it's more comfortable because it's not sitting in your outer ear canal but slightly further outside.So if you're thinking about ordering this device, I'd recommend buying it. Just spend a little time getting the fit right and read the manual about how to adjust the ear loop which makes a huge difference.(Functionally the product paired with my Cingular Hermes 8525 phone perfectly - sound quality is fine).
Overall, its a good set of headphones. Ive owned quite a few sets of bt headphones and by far i still dont think any are better than the Moto HT 820 setThe jog dials are good and handy, and they are comfy on the ears. they already send you the case with them too so dont buy it optional. They wont tell you this when ordering hoping that you will pitch them more money...They are also a little on the large side. If you purchase you will get cracked on for looking like DJ Khaled( Just giving heads up. the ht 820's that moto makes are the best ive ever owned. above any.But for the money these a great fit ....enjoy
I've really enjoyed being able to listen to music wires-free. The padding on them makes them very comfortable, something my other headphones lack on the part that goes over the head. And it's great to be able to control volume, pause/play, and skip through songs right from the headphones.The pairing has been a bit confusing for me, though. I've had some trouble trying to get it into paring mode. It's had to figure out what mode it's in from the blinking light. I haven't been able to get it to pair with both my phone and my iPod's adapter. Either one of those works, though.I haven't tested out the battery life in full, but it's lasted through 2 hours without having a problem.It would also be nice to be able to use them while they are charging.
What can you say. It's a genuine Nokia car charger. It's high quality. It's cheap, and it works. Bought one for myself. Bought one for my girlfriend. Bought another one for my girlfriend when her rabbit chewed up the first one. They all worked great.A friend of mine bought some no-name brand from a big box store. Paid more and it doesn't work as well. The no-name crapper charges so slow you'd have to drive around all day to charge your phone. If you are using the GPS feature while plugged into that one your battery still gets drained.No such problems with the Nokia DC-4. It charges fast, and will continue to charge even when using power hungry applications.EDIT: Note that this 2mm coax style charger will charge your device faster than the DC-6 Micro USB version (890 mAh vs. 500).
I have been a satisfied Virgin Mobile (VM) customer for several years, happily using an Audiovox 8500.  VM uses the SPRINT cellular network which has a strong signal in my area.Lets talk about the SLICE which is made by UTSTARCOM.  I was very much attracted to this thin stylish cell phone.  I am not going to waste any time - what you see is what you get.  It is basically a pretty phone with very good reception, but the outgoing voice quality is below average.  The person on the other end will think you are swallowing water while talking.  Another issue is the cramped key pad.This cell phone reminds me of a pretty girl with the voice of cartoon character.  If you prize fashion over function - go for it.I am switching back to my AUDIOVOX.P.S.  You will feel compelled to purchase additional "wallpaper" for an additional $2, because what comes on the phone as standard fare is ugly!
Picked this up from Radio Shack as a novelty item.  The phone is thin, but the call quality is quite poor.  Virgin Mobile uses Sprint's PCS network, and Sprint is my primary provider (I have a new Sanyo M1 phone), and the call quality difference is huge.  The keypad is also uncomfortable to use, like many ultra-thin phones -- just not designed for normal human beings IMHO.  Finally, VM's prepaid rate is just too high.  Coupled with limited coverage, I'd say VM's service is a bad deal.
I love this device - it's the only one that allows you to plug in your own headset. And I am VERY HAPPY to report that it works perfectly with the Verizon XV6800 Smartphone (also known as the HTC 6800 or Mogul 6800 on Sprint). No one reviewing here had tried it with this device, but I wanted the functionality so I took a chance and ordered it anyway. It works perfectly! (Or what I've tried so far works perfectly - I haven't received any phone calls while listening to music yet.)Note that I'm running Windows Mobile 6.1. I think it may not work for devices running WM 6.0. The audio jack functionality was altered with the OS upgrade. It may work, though - can't say for sure. It's worth trying!
This is a nice concept.  It allows the holster to orient either horizontal or vertically.  The only problem is that the first one I got...the clip snapped the first day I wore it.  The replacement is holding up much better, but it's gotten a bit floppy.  It would probably work fine for someone who was more sedentary...but I'm very active and put a lot of stress on stuff.  Still, I have it, and use it from time to time when I want to impress someone.
May not be for everyone, but I like it. The case is very solid. The screen is well protected while leaving ample openings for on/off, volume, camera, speaker, S pen, earphone, and microUSB port. Heeding the warning from other users that the beltclip breaks off readily, I intentionally broke it off :) and put the rest of the holder/phone in my cargo pants. Not real fast getting the phone out, but with bluetooth so ubiquitous these days, there's less need for speed. The built-in stand is a little unstable in the 'portrait' position, but works fine in the 'landscape' position. It also works well with a dash (GPS) holder: i.Trek ME-USDM Universal Dashboard Mount, also from Amazon.
I've found that these are by far the best method for clipping my phone to my belt, I've used others many more expensive but always come back to one of these because of their built in kickstand and ability to easily and quickly slide the phone out.They're cheap yes but I've never had any problems with durability except after a long time of use, much longer you would expect such a cheap piece of plastic to last, that and on the ones with the kickstands like this that locking mechanism eventually wears out but the whole thing is easily replaceable.I have at times knocked the phone out my holster when bumping up against something but that is the tradeoff you pay for not having a lock obstructing your access to the device.
I cant say how yours is going to hold up but the one that I purchased did not hold up. The first day , the first time that I put this on my belt and went to sit in my car, it broke. The belt clip shattered into millions of pieces. The only thing that is of use and that is why I at least gave it 2 stars was the case itself. It is of the best that I have seen yet. High quality looks and feel.and the ergonomics are very good too. It just feels good. The problem is, that I wanted a holster with the case and if the clip breaking off is any indication to the rest of the quality on down the road than just get something else.
I bought this for my dad. So far he likes it very much. Good price for what you get and so far (3 days) it hasn't broken or dropped the phone. The holster is secure and the clip has a groove so that the holster will not fly off your belt if you are running.UPDATE:At first the holster is great because it grips onto the phone. However, after sliding it out multiple times, it becomes loose and is easily removed. My dad was just walking and I guess the holster was slanted downwards a bit and his phone fell out. When it fell out the case came off. If you put your phone in with the screen facing out, the holster has a better grip on it, but if you have the screen facing in, the phone is likely to come out.We are going to replace the holster with a leather pouch holster because this holster seems unreliable.
I gave this product a 3 because the clip easily broke off. the case is good which comes in two parts. A hard shell phone case is fits really well and you can use it just like that plus a sliding cover with a clip. The cover works like a screen protector and keeps scratches from the screen. The only bad side is since the phone is big and when you clip it on your belt, the clip snaps off its place when you sit down. 2 occasions my phone fell on a taxi seat because the clip detached it self from the case. If I was not watchful i could have lost my phone. From that time on i keep my phone in my back pocket
It seems that, to date, no one has really created a durable holster for the Note 2, but this one is the best so far. The new lip at the bottom of the unit keeps the phone from falling out while holstered (Yup, other designs have had that problem). The belt clip seems more durable as well. I've owned at least a few different designs of Note 2 holsters now, and I've broken them all by simple actions like accidentally catching the unit on a door jam.This unit has held up better in the past week or so that I've had it (Yup, broke'm in less than a week prior). It's easier to retrieve the phone with the sleek design than some other bulkier, soft-rubber cases. I like it so far.
This case is the BEST. I have used it now for about a month. I love that the screen side of the phone is protected. I can toss in my purse and not worry that the screen will get damaged. I use the belt clip while at work and it has performed flawlessly. (The clip does pop off if you do not want to use it.)I have use the clip as a stand. This feature is very nice. Recently was addressing cards and found it very convenient  to use the stand and move thru my address book.Very HAPPY with my purchase!!!
nice fit and slimmer than most other cases. does provide a bit of protection to face-on falls and to corners. I like the frosted back look and the rigidity of the case. Much better than simple silicone ones.  It doesn't provide that much fall protection though and might not be worth the increased width since any impact will transfer through the corners to the phone.PROSCutouts fit well.Good shape to screen border so doesn't reduce touch areaComfortable and grippy to hold.CONSSeem from mfg. is sharp and annoying, I sanded it down and it's much betterNot great fall protectionPower and volume buttons harder to press (this might be a pro too though)Collects dirt like a hoover
I purchased this case from my girlfriend and her new Samsung Galaxy S4.  She had been using an Otterbox Commuter but was dissatisfied with that case's bulk.  I'm a big fan of TPU cases, so I got her this one and she couldn't be happier with it.  It fits snugly, looks great, covers the buttons (big plus), and isn't so bulky.  While this case is not at all bulky, it still offers protection for the camera lens and screen by having tiny ridges surrounding those parts which keep them from coming into contact with the surface the rest of the phone is resting on.  The fact that this case is so inexpensive just adds to its otherwise perfect rating.
The mix of smooth and ridged surfaces is a nice touch aesthetically and it also helps to keep a nice grip as all smooth can be a bit slippery. The case fits like a glove and all the holes and cuts outs fit the various ports perfectly. The price on this item is hard to beat and it arrived quickly. I haven't tried it with any of the fun NFC features yet, but I'm not anticipating any problems.All in all, if you're looking for a nice, simple bumper case I suggest you look no further (assuming the price is still good).
Fits like a glove. Adds no bulk to the phone - my GS4 stays slim and light!The kickstand works, doesn't slide around, nice and firm. It clicks shut with two tiny tabs of plastic on either end of the kickstand, so I guess if over time those tabs break then it won't stay shut anymore. But for the moment, the tabs are really tiny and hopefully will not break anytime soon.The only downsides I can find are:a. hard to feel whether or not if you pressed the power/volume button or not, there's no tactile feedback when you push. They do work though.b. the screw(?) that holds the kickstand in place on the back of the case bulges out and makes the phone sit slightly lopsided when you put it on a flat surface facing upward. Not an issue for me, but didn't expect the screw to bulge out the way it does.Otherwise very satisfied.
I bought this for hubby who works in a restaurant so having a thin profile case (to easily side in and out of the belt pouch) was a must. The stripes on the sides make it easier to hold onto. Soft tpu case slips right on and can easily removed again for washing. Good price too.The only downside about this case (and might not be for some people) is that because the camera lens on the back of the S4 protrudes a little, you should use a case that is a little thicker on the back to better protect the lens from scratches. This case was a bit thin in my opinion. Why Samsung designed this phone this way is a mystery.
This is an absolute steal when it comes to cases.  It's not as "rubbery" as some cases.  Has a great shape, and is thin enough to provide great protection without adding a lot of bulk to an already large phone.  The only con is that the buttons aren't as responsive as I would like.  But for $3, this is a wonderful case.UPDATE (8/07/13): Unfortunately the inability to feel the volume and unlock buttons was a little much to overcome, so I had to get rid of it.  Still not bad if you don't mind getting used to the feel.
The case feels good in your hands and it won't slip out of your hands. I've docked a couple of stars is that in the image, it looks like the buttons would be easy to press, however, that is not the case. The buttons are very flush with the case, which makes it hard to actually use the buttons. I literally have to sometimes use two hands to push a button. If only the buttons extended outward, this would be a good case. For now, I will keep this as a backup.
First off, I ordered the BoxWave Simple Element Gray Semi-transparent case I had to point this our since there's only one review section for multiple cases.This case is billiant, it feels well, it has a better grip than a naked S4. It's really god that you can still see the samsung logo on the back thanks to the frosted plastic semi-transparent design but it doesn't get scrached up easily like a completely clear case.So, now for the important bit, cases are supposed to protrect your phone and this case definitely does that and it does it quite well. The one-piece hybrid design provides a very good protection to the frame against drops and the lay on thr table desgin also provides screen protection.Port access is good, I had no problem using the original Samsung equipment and a couple of other headphones.The ONLY drawback for me. Power and volume buttons don't provide a great tactile feedback when pressed with this case so this is why I'll shave a star from the rating.
Shows up totally deformed (top of the case doesn't even touch the phone because it was cast crooked), and I have to pay to mail it back to them if I want a replacement? I don't want a replacement anymore, I want a functional phone case. Definitely a &#34;get what you pay for&#34; kind of thing. The case is pretty inflexible, so when I took the case off, it also pulled off the back of the phone. Not the end of the world, but definitely a crappy case. Would absolutely not recommend.
I bought this case and the Incipio SA-378 DualPro Case for Samsung Galaxy S4 .  This is cheaper... and does the job... but looks a bit cheap compared to this amazing S4 slick phone.  I like the lip to protect the screen.  The buttons work fine and the ports are good.  It is grippy but slides in and out of my pocket fine.  It seems to give ok protectionI think the Incipio case gives better protection, looks much more sophisticated and isn't appreciably thicker.  It costs twice as much...but still is cheap.  I have a dock for my S4.  I had to modify the Incipio by cutting around the hole for the USB... I did not have to modify for the boxwave.
I purchase quite a few things from Amazon.com so I figured I would start writing reviews again especially for the products I end up having to send back to Amazon for Defects or just not working properly.Unfortunately this is one of those products, its okay but with a few defects  and I can&#8217;t recommend this product it is not very good IMOPros:1. Great coverage of back and sides for protection, cut outs line up perfect.2. Pretty thin, doesn&#8217;t add much bulk.3. Glossy sides add a little better grip.Cons:1. Made my screen protector bubble up on sides2. Very slippery on back but glossy bumper on the sides, helps make grip better, could be better.3. Power button is near impossible to press with case installed (Deal Breaker)4. Pretty Plain
Nice slim and tight fit case. I was scared it would add bulk, but its perfectly slim and hugs the phone. My only gripe is that the cut outs are a little off. Not all the cutouts, just the charging port, speaker, camera, and top microphone. They don't cover those parts, however, they are not centered and it looks funny. Since the charging port is off, my stock charger doesnt fit straight when plugged in, but it still is able to charge. Just scared it will end up mi- aligning the charging port if it gets hit or falls while charging. The camera and speaker looks off center because of those cut outs. Still fully functional and feels amazing.. thats why its still 4 stars.
Nothing flashy about this case.  It's basic black, but the good thing is, it's matte on the backside.  Around the edges it's more shiny, which makes it more grippy.  I like that the volume and on/off buttons are covered to keep dust out, but the covering does make the buttons harder to push.  Cutouts are good, not quite perfect, but you'd have to be OCD to notice.  Seems to be secure, probably would not come off your phone inadvertently.BTW, the blackout case is completely opaque.  The blue Arctic Frost Crystal Slip case is identical to it other than being blue and transparent.Right now, there are a few different prices listed for these.  For me, the actual cost with shipping was around $3, so it's definitely worth that.
I ordered the Blackout and the Airwave (also by BoxWave) because I could not decide which one I wanted. They both fit my Galaxy S4 just right, nice and snug. They are not bulky which I like. They are not rigid plastic, both are flexible (but not flimsy) but the Blackout case is a little more flexible than the Airwave. These cases cover a little more of the front of the phone than the other case I was using which is nice because it covers the side edges of my screen protector, Tech Armor Ballistic Glass, but without interfering with the viewing area of the screen. By the way it fits great with that screen protector so I don't think anyone would have any problems with other screen protectors as this one is a little thick since it is glass.  You do have to push a little harder for the side buttons but that does not bother me. All openings on the case line up perfectly.
I bought this case because it was very cheap.  I should have known it was not worth it.  The case fit is too tight.  When I put it on my phone, the lip that goes around the front of the phone was uneven.  No matter how many times I tried to take it off and put it back on again, the lip was just uneven.  This caused my screen protector film to be displaced by this case.  It was much more of a pain than a help.  Get the real Samsung case and save yourself the headache.
Beautifully designed case.  It provides great TPU protection without adding bulk to the phone.  It fits great, nice and snug so you don't have to worry about it ever coming off on its own, while still able to remove if needed.  The color is stunning on the black phone, a nice deep jewel tone.  The sides provide nice grip, and I love the matte back.  The only issue is how difficult the power and volume buttons are to press, otherwise I would give it 5 stars.  I would buy more if it came in more colors.
Even though I am not a fan of cases I still try them to see what are good and if I can come to keeping one....my preference still says no to cases but that's a gamble I take again, since dropping my S4 before andresulted in my screen breaking...that could of been avoided if i had a case on it.Slowly my trust and confidence in not dropping my phone has gone back up...but I'm taking risks and youshould protect yourself from having a broken or damaged phone.The case is pretty much all clear except the back is a matt white finish. Gives it a bit of a cool edge to it.The case is a bit too snug and a bit molded fatter on some parts of the trimming but the entire phoneis covered fine with the case. If I dropped it, I believe it will be saved but every drop is risky regardless...
I looked at many cases from a few dollars to 50 bucks and chose this because oif the reviews and low costThis case is pliable and easily forms over the phone, with a tight fit.. You have to stretch the edges a bit to cover the front edges  but when all said and done its perfect fit.I was concerned about cutouts for charger and volume control, but these are no problem ,. plenty large enough to accommodate a charger cord of any type.Its removes as easlity as it goes on.For 6 bucks this was a real bargain and offers a better grip than the naked cell phone
This case does look good and it is comfortable to hold, but for 16.95 it should be better. The cut outs fit well enough, but the buttons are much harder to press when the case is on.I feel that for this price it should be significantly better than my 3 dollar no name TPU case i bought on Amazon.  It is not, so why spend more money for nothing special. If you are going to spend this type of money, you better get something for it.Go and check the Ballistic SG caseBallistic SG0867-M385 Soft Gel Case for Samsung Galaxy Note - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black Silicone/Black TPU/White PCfor the Galaxy Note to see what a proper case should be like; or just get that cheapo TPU case.Boxwave is just fleecing customers with this overpriced case.
This case has a perfect snug fit. I had first tried the Dzitronic case which was very good, and seemed to be slightly thicker, and felt slightly heavier, but offered great protection. This case is more convenient for daily use since it is lightweight, and offers good protection. Judging from the thickness of the Dzitronic case cover.. it might be a better protector in case of accidental drops, but this boxwave case is looks better, feels better, and has a better fit although it is thinner and lighter.
The product is as advertised - a genuine OEM Motorola battery. It looks exactly the same as the original battery that came with the phone. So it's not a generic brand. Works great too. Somehow the package got lost in the mail (or the seller forgot to send it?). But after I contacted the seller a replacement arrived within the next few days. Though the package looked beat-up or had been in the ditch the content was intact. Great and speedy customer care to make up for a mistake.
I was real hesitant to buy this battery. But for the price, and convenience of free shipping, I cant say that I regret it.The battery looks good, there is no wires or anything out of place, and for the price how could you go wrong? I had to replace an old V3 battery that I used for overseas trips and never had an issue. Battery lasted longer than my original when I first bought it. Plus if you are getting better battery life and way cheaper battery why would you complain. Anyways, hope this review helps anyone setting on the fence like myself.
This battery is for my super old Moto V3 phone that I am using as secondary phone. this is my 3rd battery on the phone since i bought it many years ago. (wow the phone is still working) anyway, it gave 6-7 days of stand by time. I am using the phone to recive SMS only. I am not really using it for calling much now.But when I was using it actively for few weeks (after my primary phone broke down) it gave me solid 4.5 days of calling and texting time. Not bad... really... I can recomend this battery strongly.S.
Even though my Nokida model, 6126, was listed as working when this arrived I thought oh-man they shipped the wrong thing. Then I looked at the model number on the cable and it was the one I ordered. Then I thought oh man I ordered the wrong thing.Turns out it works even though all the connections do not seem to match, it is secure, and actually have a very high transfer rate. So if you get it out and it doesn't seem like it would fit, play with it until it snaps in and it probably will work for you if your model is listed.
This arrived in what appeared to be a Nokia retail package, and had Nokia insignia on the cable. It appeared to be genuine. The package lists only a few Nokia phones by number, then says "and compatible phones". Orientation of the unique Nokia plug (?POP) is not obvious and the plug does not go in easily(until it's perfectly lined up). For my 6126 the plug needs to be oriented with the Nokia insignia to the front of the phone. Once connected the cable worked perfectly.
I am sure this cable works fantastically.As long as it is used with the correct phone. I should have know better, but the price was so incredibly low- especailly having originally purchased the correct cable from Nokia 2 years ago for fifty bucks- that I felt, even if my phone was not listed, hey, it could still work, right?Wrong. But in an effort to write a 'helpful' review I have to add, it is in fact an OEM Nokia CA-52 cable, it was very inexpensive, and it arrived much sooner than expected.
I've been searching for months for this package. The OEM price is about 20 times the price I paid here at Amazon.com - no kidding! Arrived before schedule, new condition, and came with everything advertised. It took a little time to install and had many updating to do but worked the first time after installation and works every time since.Anyone looking to purchase this package will be astonished and surely satisfied - I know I am. The application is thorough in design and allows for an extensive view of the internal applications of my cell phone (Motorola RAZR V3). Excellent phone and excellent application for data transfer between my computer and cell phone. An absolute necessity.
This product (version 4.0) works with my V3 and V3x.  It does NOT work with my new V3e.I am using the overpriced Version 4.0 disc purchased directly from Motorola.Software updates still do not recognized the V3e.  Not sure which models listed work and which don't, but the fact that non-supported models seem to be listed is sufficient to be skeptical and go elsewhere.  Yeah, and it's a penny, PLUS a lot in shipping!So, if the software works for you, it is pretty nice.  If not, you're out.  I gave a review of one star based on the fact that a model I KNOW doesn't work is in the supported list.
The YX510 dual band repeater works well. I bought it mainly for a Verizon broadband USB modem that was only getting at best 2 bars and sometimes none. As soon as I hooked up the zboost (with the signal antenna at the roof peak), I went to 5 bars. I was getting RSSI of -100 and up and that went to -65 so I am getting a good signal to the USB modem now. I went from download/upload speeds of 100/75 to 650/250. I have the zboost sitting right beside the laptop so I cannot speak for range. I haven't tried it with my cell phone but its bars went up, too. It is a tad pricey, but it makes broadband possible for me whereas my only other choice would have been Hughes Net satellite which isn't getting such great reviews from users and is not portable at all.
When installed according to instructions, this unit fulfills all its claims.NOTE that for the best success, you should separate the external antenna and internal base unit by as much distance and signal-obstruction as possible -- put the outdoor antenna at at the best available signal location, and the indoor base unit in the worst dead-zone.  Use every inch of the 50' cable supplied.My installation is in a steel-framed and steel-skinned building -- getting a signal inside was basically impossible. The outside antenna is on an old TV antenna mast 5' above the building roof, and the inside unit is sitting on top of a suspended ceiling in the center of the main area. Now I get 5-bars on Sprint anywhere inside the building, and 3-4 bars within 10 feet or so of the building outside. Our ATT data card gets a 5-bars signal also. (We are thus using both bands on this unit at once.)While not cheap, it is the least expensive alternative available, and It Just Works(tm).
We got this for my son to use on his job as he drives all day long.  He uses it for keeping in contact while on the road and the hands free operation is the only way to go.  The Bluetooth syncing and operation is very easy to set up and the connection is good.  The battery also has a good life and he needs it as some days are long ones for him.The sound quality is good and he can hear the caller clearly and we can hear him well.  The price we paid was a lot less that the $40 they are asking here.  I only mention this as he goes through Bluetooth ear pieces quite frequently from daily use, to breaking them to simply losing them.We gave him a really good stereo set that he uses at home and to listen books and music but he uses the lower priced ones while he is on the road.  This Jabra is reasonable quality and performance for the money.
Wow! I was surprised when I read the reviews on this product.  It is DEFINITELY made for people with smaller ears!  Other bulkier ear pieces have not fir very well but this one fits GREAT! Also, I noticed alot of first time users that were rating this product..I HAVED used both WIRED earpeices and now bluetooth. This one is MUCH BETTER than most about not picking up backround noise but when it DOES get to be a little much, simply turn DOWN the volume a little on your PHONE not on the blooth tooth.  Using that adjustment may give you a little better fine tuning for the device.  ALSO, many phones include a feature that allows the mic to ignore heavy backround noise.  I am an alltel user and many of my phones have had this feature.  The batter has been GREAT TOO!  I have owned this blue tooth device for over a year now, AND LOVE IT!!!
The shape of the hard plastic ear hook was designed to cause pain - note the 2 hard plastic jagged corners turned towards your ear while the rounded portion faces up and away from any skin that it could interfere with harming.My second complaint would be that you must hold it against your ear to be able to hear anything thus defeating the point of a "hands free" headset.The price is good and if you wear it in silent places where you stand a chance of hearing through it then it's almost usable but I've gotten Motorola 500 headsets for about the same price on Amazon and they work much better and are comfortable as opposed to painful.
I have had experience putting screen protectors on phones for several years.  I generally do pretty good with installation and have a minimum amount of air bubbles underneath the screen.With this protector I cleaned the phone very well before installing and ended up with numerous air bubbles/pockets.  I was able to use a squeegie like device and get most of them out but the ones that are still there are seemingly magnified due to the mirror surface.  It makes them much more apparent than a standard clear or anti-reflective screen protector.
I bought this product hoping that it would provide some privacy when riding the train to work everyday. Although it does, it is minimal at best. It is exactly as advertised, "Mirror Like Screen Protector"... you can see yourself when the iPhone is off as if you were looking in a mirror.I don't feel that it hinders the brightness/colors of the phone much at all... However, in intense sunlight it can be hard to read the screen do to glaring.Pros: Your iPhone screen is protected, and you have a always available mirrorCons: Can cause a glare in bright areas, extremely hard to attach without some sort of bubbles on the edges. (though I was able to get it right)I bought this in conjunction with theelago iPhone 3G Slim Fit Case - Black + Microfiber Cleaner (Made in Korea)and couldn't be happier.
This is the 4th one of these I have owned, first one from Amazon. The first one I gave away to a friend, who forgot to plug in their phone more than I do, the next two I ran through the laundry machine (don't do that). I can't live with out this thing... well... if I can live with out my phone, I might be able to live with out this, which I hear one can live with out a phone, but I am unwilling to test this. How else can you steal the batteries from the TV remote to charge your phone as you run out the door for work?!? Yeah, its just that cool!Bottom line, will everyone need one, no, just those of us that have forgotten to plug in their phone, or have been talking on our phone all day and have yet another important call to make, or can't find their charger in there suit case despite KNOWING you packed it or... you get the idea.
I bought this with the intention of using it with my vast supply of rechargeable AA's, however to my surprise I discovered that it would only work with non-rechargeable batteries.  In fact it wouldn't even work with brand new Duracell Alkaline AA's.  Apparently it will only work with Energizers, though I'm not sure how that's technically possible.  As often as I would expect to use this to recharge my Evo Shift when I'm out an about, I would be buying and throwing away an awful lot of non rechargeable batteries, which isn't very cost effective and isn't great for the environment.  It works pretty well with the supplied Energizers that come with it, and it does have both Micro and Mini USB connectors, but because of the limitations it only rates 3 stars from me.
This product works great, my phone died on a camping trip, and I had bought 2 of these. They charged it so I could talk on the phone and text on the way back. I use the Eneloop rechargeable batteries so I can recharge them after I use them.The other reviewer does not understand that his cell phone battery can store more energy than 2AA batteries. These chargers will add a couple hours of talk time but not fully charge your phone. If you need to fully charge your phone I would suggest a normal charger because these would take too many batteries for normal use.I love these chargers, and will always keep one in my car. They have saved me more than once.
"$6 for a battery? too good to be true?" That's what I thought, "but for $6, why not give it a shot?" I'm just using it as a "second" battery because the Pearl 8130 has such poor battery life, I could throw this in my luggage, or whatever when I go on a trip. Well, I've been swapping back and forth between my original and this one for a few weeks now (to make sure they stay charged) and I can never tell the difference in life, they both seem to work exactly the same. The only difference is this one has a non-OEM looking sticker wrapping it, looks to be printed from a scan of an OEM.
I'm not sure if I would wear this in public, but I got this because of the good reviews it received with regard to sound quality & noise cancellation. Sound is crsytal clear & deep. I got it to work with the Sony Bluetooth adapter, Sony Vaio laptop, my Nokia cell phone, & my iPod Touch. A big plus is that you can use it as a passive headset by plugging in a 3.5 mm audio cable. It's a good idea to purchase the carrying case to protect it while transporting or storing.
I purchased these about 8 weeks ago for use at work.  So far, here's my experience:+ Positives ++ Loooooooong battery life+ Comfortable enough to wear 6+ hours at a time+ Good sound quality+ Easy controls for volume, etc+ Around $30.  One of the cheapest I've found for bluetooth headset+ Noise cancellation works...if you have music going (why have them on if you don't!)- Negatives -- Wall charger that came with them was a MICRO usb charger, not the MINI usb charger that it requires.  However, I had plenty of mini usb cables, which I used to charge them with from my PCOverall, these bluetooth headphones are and excellent value - would definitely recommend...especiall for the $30.Final note, these do not come "packaged."  They arrive in your box inside of a plastic bag with the wall charger (probably the wrong type), the headphones, and the "manual".
I purchased this to use in my vehicle so I wouldnt have to use a head set or worse hold the phone while driving. I was impressed that it works as well as it does. I have had no problems with this device. I am able to charge it the car if I have to and charge well at home. You can use the same USB power cord as for your phone (if its a MOTO RAZR model NOT the new V9). I take this for short trips in town. Sadly to say it will be used as a Back up due to being replaced by the MOTOROKR T505. If you are leary about trying this...JUST DO IT. If you dont like it Amazon will take it back. For a first purchase you cant go wrong.
I do a lot of freeway driving and I've tried 2 of these speaker phones with myTreo and the noise cancellation feature is poor. It works fine below 45 mph but the faster I go the more my callers complain about the road noise. Also you have to turn off Bluetooth on the phone when you turn off the speaker phone. The phone thinks it's still connected to the speaker phone,it will show that it's not connected to any Bluetooth devise but keeps the phone mic and speaker on mute until Bluetooth is turned off.
The first one I got stopped working in about a month later, so Motorola replaced me with supposedly a newer one. New one continues to work but- person on the other side cannot hear correctly- lots of static like noises even when fully chargedFor the excellent customer service, I should give 5 stars to Motorola and 1 (or 0) star to this particular product.Update: After this, I tried Plantronics voyager 510 as a BT earpiece. This also had issues (while better than this Motorola T305), and so I gave up on bluetooth and went for wired in-ear Sennheiser headphones
My wife was alwsys 'helping me understand' that it is dangerous to drive while holding a cell phone in one hand and talking with the other hand.  When my pride got out of the way, I realized that she was right.  When I started looking for solutions, I found that the Motorola T305 Bluetooth Speaker was priced very reasonably such that I could at least give it a try.  Now that I have it, I have found it to be very effective in terms of both hearing and being heard by the party at the other end of the line.  And now I don't need as much help driving as I used to:)
I just got Motorola T305 in after preiously buying the Jabra version months ago. If you are looking for a car/truck speaker phone, this T305 works excellent on both road and highway. The Jabra I previously bought had very limited volume and you could not hear on highway travel even with windows rolled up. I read some of the minor complaints about this product in the other reviews and utterly ridiculous. The on/off button is small but who cares? As for a blue light not being seen perfectly in the daytime, again, who cares? You know the power is on because you turned it on when you got in your car/truck.
After my 2-year contract expired, I really wanted to buy an unlocked phone and choose my own service plan. I bought this one because it looked very slick and small. I just got it connected with AT&T; service and it's been working fine.The good: it's a nice size, very pretty, easy to use.The bad: It's easy to get fingerprint marks on it. It's from Hong Kong so it has special characters on the keys (though you don't notice them after a while). You have to buy special headphones to use the music player.Overall, I think it's a pretty good deal. You'll get a lot of compliments.
This is my second KRZR. I love this phone. I finally broke my first one, but I pushed it to the limits. It had been washed, soaked jet skiing, dropped, kicked, chewed up by my dog (twice) and finally destroyed by me trying to replace pieces without the right screwdriver. This phone lasted through it all. The best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water, it still works. If you are hard on phones, I would recommend this one.
Was skeptical that I would actually receive a $3 car charger for my iPhone4 that works, but it does! Plugged it in and it started charging immediately. The cord is long enough that it can be used while charging, but not so long that it gets in the way (if you are using any type of windshield/dash mount the cord may not be long enough depending on where your outlet is located). I rarely ever use a car charger as my iPhone sits in a charging cradle all day at work, so if it only lasts for a few charges, it's well worth $3.
I have an Android based phone, so I had to buyMotorola Mini-USB to Micro-USB Charger Adapterto go along with it. I know, the secondary item is cheap, so no biggie, right? Well, trust me...you will lose the adapter before you find yourself needing to use the portable charger. It's just human nature, right? We lose things. So yes, the charger works...but you'd better find a darn good spot to store the adapter, or the portable charger will be useless.Instead, might I suggest you purchaseMotorola Universal Dual-Charging Portable Power Pack - Black - Retail Packaging. It's not too much more expensive, and will be more likely to be useful to you in the event of an emergency.
I thought this item was going to be compatible with my Motorola Droid Razr, but it is not - it comes up as compatible in a search and I didn't notice it saying the connection was mini, not micro. So that is my fault for not paying closer attention to the specs. I could buy an adapter, but instead I decided to give it to my son for his bluetooth headset as it is a mini usb connection.It does work as described, (though just not for anything that uses a micro connection) and is a very reasonable price. It's small and easy to put in a pocket or purse, and is very convenient. When I got my Razr, my son got my old Chocolate Touch, so I gave him the headset also and he uses it all of the time. He's used the charger twice now and it works as described.
Unless I can't find it (!) it would be great to have a battery level indicator on this device.  A micro USB connector version would be nice as well although the tiny Motorola Mini/Micro cable works.  I purchased this to work on my old Motorola phone but it also works on my new Android phone.Otherwise, this is small, sleek, lightweight and it does work.  The retractable connector takes a little fiddling with to keep it from sliding back into the charger - push the button forward and hold it while connecting to the phone - but once in it stays put.
I got this because there are times when I need my Blackberry to be functional and I'm not near a charger.  I hadn't tried the P790 yet when hurricane Irene decided to pay a visit.  I had the unit charged up when the power went out Saturday before 9pm.  By 4pm the next day, power had not been restored and the phone was going below 20% & wanted to shut down some functioning to conserve what was left of the battery life.  I attached the P790 with an adaptor I bought at the same time.  In under an hour I was at 55% battery life and could keep going normally till I had an opportunity to do a normal charge at my office, later that evening.  It'd be an understatement to say I'm pleased.
One drawback of any soap-bar, or candy-bar style phone is that you have to lock the keyboard with some button combination every time you put it away or it will dial the last person you called, or someone on speed-dial when you inadvertently push one of it's keys. This holster has magnets in it that automatically puts the Pearl in standby mode, which disables the keys. The belt-clip also allows you to rotate the holster into the most comfortable position you can for driving, or  walking around.
This is a pretty solid case.  It's very stiff so it's almost a hard case, but is still flexible.  Should protect well if it gets dropped.Both sides are the same so the scanner can go into either side and the cable into the other.  The scanner is slightly higher than one side of the case.  There's a padded flap in between the halves of the case that pushes into the other half a bit.  That compresses the cable in the other side and makes it so nothing moves around.Functionally, that's a great design, but for looks I would have liked the scanner to fit completely into the bottom, with a thinner top half for the cable.  As it stands I might be able to get a couple other cables or things into the top part so it's probably a net plus.
My Adesso Scanner came with a velvet drawstring bag. I wanted something more substantial, and thought this case might work. The quoted dimensions are slightly off. The outside dimensions are actually 11.5 X 2.5 X 2.2 none is 3.2The inner dimensions are 11 X 2 X 2  My Adesso Scanner is 10.75L X 1.8W X 1.25H  so it fits perfectly. The case opens up into 2 hinged halves. Each half is about 1 inch deep. Each half has a 1 inch wide elastic band across the middle, and there is a sewn-in flap that protects one half from the other when closed. The scanner cable fits in the opposite half from the scanner and there is still room for some small accessories. All-in-all, I am VERY happy with this case.,It suits my needs perfectly/
In truth, I am glad I bought this case in the event that I need to store or travel with my scanner.  However, I don't see myself taking my scanner anywhere.  Since I bought my scanner, it has been next to my computer and I don't really see the need to take it anywhere.One thing I am curious about is that the case has 2 sides with elastic and only one scanner fits inside, so I can't figure out why 2.  Anyway, it is just an observation because it doesn't affect the fact that the slim scanner fits great in it and protects it well.
I bought these today at WalMart, and they are terrible. After cutting with a paper trimmer, they were perfect size. Although after VERY careful and slow application, rolling on just a cm at a time, air bubbles would form. I tried rolling the protector on as slow as possible while rubbing from center out with a microfiber cloth. After application, and only rubbing the protector with microfiber, it was scratched past the point of no return. I cannot imagine what this screen protector would look like after a few days of use.Although this product may protect the screen, after a couple of days use you probably won't be able to see the screen with all the accumulated scratches. The users guide says for best results to replace monthly. After initial application I removed it and threw it away.Waste of money.
At less than a dollar per sheet, you can afford to treat them as disposable and not be too upset if they fall off or lose their ability to stay on that long. What sells the screen protectors for me is that they come with a grid on the backing so you can easily measure and quickly cut to match the size of the LCD you're protecting. If you want something more permanent, then go with Invisible Shield or Best Skins Ever. But for the price and their versatility, they're well worth it.
use on 2cameras and cell phone.  The cutting is fairly straight forward, but the pre-cut edge that is supposed to help with seperating the backing from the protector is not cut well so i've wasted one sheet as it ripped easily while taking off the backing.  material not durable at all.  Got scratches just by using the squeegy in the package.  Lastly, if you had to reposition it, good luck getting the bubbles (hazyness) out.  Requires too much effort to get it right.  Would not recommand it.
I love these because they have done an excellent job of protecting my phone screens on ALL my phones! What's great about these is they have line and numbers, a grid that's formed to help you make a better, smarter cut for your mobile's screen. I even give these as gifts because people don't realize how much you touch your screen. It needs to be protectedThese are the best and I will continue to use these and search for larger sizes. These are the ones that should be on everyone's list. Great stocking stuffers as well!
You can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen. That's awesome. Keep in mind that you have to cut and apply the screen protector yourself. It took me a few applications before I got good at it. Some air bubbles are normal, they dissipate after a few days. Lots of air bubbles means you are doing it wrong. Practice makes perfect.  You get 10 screen protectors for about $10.00 (or whatever they are selling it for) and the sheets they give you are pretty large. I think this is product is a very good value.
These are easy to use and provide short-term effective protection for device screens.  The plastic is soft and scratches easily, but is easily replaced with a fresh piece...I find that it lasts about a month (in my pocket, exposed to my keys and other crud) before the scratches become totally obnoxious.  The used plastic peels off easily, without leaving any residue behind.Incidentally, cutting these to size is simple.  The backing material is printed with a grid to act as a guide. I'm straight-line impaired and can almost get it right.Note...these are packaged 12 in a plastic bag.  When I last looked, they were much cheaper than the precut protectors designed for a specific cell phone.
I thought this item was a good idea as it gives you the opportunity to mount your phone closer to the seat instead of up on the windshield.  I discovered 2 things:1) The unit itself is very cheap.  The adjustable arm used to clamp your phone has a major weak spot.  Mine broke right out of the package.  I made some repairs to strengthen it, but first use showed that this device does not work well with any smart phones.  I have an iPhone, and it's too wide and tall for this device.  You can't clamp your phone very well because of the cheap design, and the bottom ledge is too small.  After 5 minutes of driving, I had to remove my phone before it fell out.This is a good idea that was implemented poorly.
I really did not want anything bulky. I already hate the fact that a case on my slim Iphone makes it bulky. But I dare not go with out. So I really like that the magnet does not really add more bulk. I was able to use the thinner metal piece and it even works through my case (it is a soft silicone case) So this makes me very happy. Again I have a decorative case and really did not want to cover up the design, nor did I want to tape anything to my phone. So I stuck it to the inside of my case and it works great!  No more trying to place my phone in a holder to use the gps. Now I can simply place it on and go.
This is the best device holder I've purchased! It has incredible hold for as much weight as the magnet will support. Having the holder come loose from whatever you stuck it to just isnt going to happen. I've had mine in my car for months and it hasnt budged. I have put many devices on the magnet and they all stay strong. The only complaint is the oval shaped metal piece is gold. It would be better for it to have been black. The smaller metal piece is significantly thicker than the oval shaped one and I wished it was a little thinner as well.
Mobile service providers claim that this type of antenna does not work, and I have to agree with them.  Installing it actually reduced my reception from 2 bars to NO bars!  If you search the internet, you will find that passive antennas like this are no different than that battery compartment sticker that claimed to improve cell phone reception, block radio waves from frying your brain, etc.  It doesn't work and it's a waste of money.I recommend buying a wired antenna that directly connects to your phone.  If you phone doesn't have such a connection, then you may want to look into a different phone because nothing without a direct connection is going to work, and you may want to look into a phone that gets better reception (there are some -- just read the 3rd party reviews).I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone unless you just have money to burn.  If so, please just send it to my PayPal account instead.
Had zero effect. My windows must already allow enough signal through for this to not make a difference. Bought it for the back of my place because I get full bars right outside on the patio, and almost none inside (I live in a concrete apartment). If I put the phone in the same place I had this, I get good reception, but this didn't extend my signal any, or act as a repeater. Didn't seem to help in the car either, but I don't really need it there.
There are a few spots around town where my calls get dropped when I use my cellular phone while driving in the car.  These areas are very small, only about 300 feet long.  And if I hold the phone outside the car when I drive through these areas, the calls don't drop.I bought this device with the hope that it would allow me to keep calls going without rolling down the windows.  Unfortunately, I found absolutely NO difference between calls being dropped with and without this device.When I took the device off, it broke open and I took both sides apart.  I didn't find any evidence of components that will inductively couple the antenna and the interior components.However, when it was installed, it did **look** impressive.  So, if you want a fake cellular antenna to make your car look "cool," this will fit the bill perfectly.  If you want a performance improvement, consider one of the Wilson cellular repeaters instead.
I bought 2 of these antenna's. I gave one to a friend and kept one for my self. Me and my Friend both put then on a Window to help with reception. I use a Motorola Q and my Friend has an I Phone both of us has service though Verizon. We went from either no service or 1 bar of service to 2 to 3 bars. I also have a Virgin Mobile MI FI Internet Data Card and it helped to increase my service from either no bar or 1 bar or service to 2 to 3 bars or service. Both of us live i rural area's. I would highly recommend this antenna to any one who has problems with cell reception. It also helps with Cordless Phones (if using the phone outside and Home Wireless(WI FI) network if using a lop top outside. You could use it on your car or a window at home.
This case is works and is cheap so I am still giving it a few stars, but I feel it is a little bit of tricky advertising and the item is not as one would expect.When you scrutinize the description it does state "Brushed Aluminum Back Cover" which I took to mean the cover is aluminum.  What it truly means is that the case is clear plastic and a little brushed aluminum plate has been glued only to the back.  In the picture it appears the entire case is aluminum which is what I really wanted, but not so. The case is clear plastic all around the sides and only metal on back. I'm not sure what the purpose of making only the back aluminum except to keep it low cost, but as anyone purchasing this is probably expecting a metal case it is a let down over all.P.S. The case is slippery.
I bought this case because of the descriptions and the price. I have a white HTC One and it really looked good on it and didn't add much bulk or weight to the phone. I tried to take it 1 step too far and remove the plastic back to make it a bumper (since that was I was looking for anyway) but it's not firm enough to be a bumper. If you're happy with the looks and don't destroy it like I did, you'll live this one. I'm still using it as a bumper but did order the clear version of this same make/model.
I really like this case. I got the Frosted version, and I kind of wish I got the BodySuit or something else because the Frosted feel is not my favorite. The case leaves a good lip around the screen and the TPU has a good thickness to it, without being too thick, so IA feel like this would protect my phone pretty well in a drop.My only complaint is that the volume buttons are subpar. It takes a very good push to get the buttons to work, and a lot of creaking goes on in the process with the TPU.Overall, though, this is a great case at an awesome price.
Boxwave has done it again. This case is a fantastic case. I just received it so a 4 star rating for now till I have had it for a week or so but for 1.50 there is no way you can go wrong. From past expericence with Boxwave I can tell you I will be updating to a 5 star rating. The  grip is perfect,the fitting is perfect, the holes for all the external plugs and features are alighned perfect and 1.50 cost, well you dont need to figure that one out. Already purchased a back up one.
One of the best cases I've ever bought for a phone.Very snug fit,w/o any pull-away around the cutouts for the I-R Blaster/3.5mm audio jack/USB port.The volume rocker is covered & actually functions better than w/o a case.The case looks & feels as if it is actually a part of the phone,yet,should provide more than adequate protection against everyday use & occasional misuse/accidental bumps/etc.....Also a great value,as I paid less than $5.00,definitely a must-buy for any HTC ONE owner.
Ok so i wish i felt i could give this 4-5 stars but 2 things really bug me, 1st and most annoying is the power button becomes recessed wit this case , the volume buttons have an extended piece that makes them ez to access but the power button doesnt, and 2nd the top and bottom seem to bow out a little and not quite fit almost like maybe a bad batch cause it is close really close but it bows out. so i love the look and feel, it shows off this pone. keeps the sleek curves. oh i wish that power button where easier to hit and it would be a case i really like.
Awesome Cover for a gorgeous phone. I have a HTC one in Blue and needed a good cover while actually showing off the blue beauty. This cover does it all. I kind of wished it to be clear on the back too rather than the frosting ( which make a good design ) because my blue HTC still somewhat hides in it. Other than that, for the price, it's got a great grip, and a sturdy feeling. I love Boxwave for all its extraordinary accessories. You can never go wrong with this purchase!
I am no expert on these headsets, this is the first one I have ever bought. That being said, I think this one is great. I have a Samsung phone and I was never really pleased with the way the mic picked up my voice and often people would complain of not being able to hear me but with this made my voice clear and understandable. I was worried of the background noise by the nature of the bluetooth but the AudioIQ seems to do an excellent job keeping the noise out, not sure how. It is simple to set up as well. Overall I am really pleased with this. Highly Recommended!
I purchased Plantronics 665 headset to replace BlackBerry 655+ by Plantronics that went through washing machine (but surprisingly still worked fine after drying).  My wife also has one of these and she loves it.I like 665 as much as I like 655+.  The fit is comfortable and secure with the ear loop.  The sound quality is good on both ends. The battery life is sufficient for me I charge it once every two-three days.The only complaing is that the buttons are a bit hard to press.  When I push the main button the ear tip gets pushed into my ear which is not very pleasant.Overall, this is a great headset at a good price.
The earpieces don't go as far into the ear as my etymotic earlpugs, so I have to use the wire hook it came with to stabalize it.  I wish the in-ear part gripped my ear a little better.  Also, the hook falls off easily when it's in my pocket.  I wish there was a more permanent way to attach it.  Also, there are some CRAZY big ear gels in there.  I have big ears (har har) and I use the smallest one.  WHOS ears are big enough for the large attachments?Having said that, the headset is a winner.  It's LOUD!  I actually have to turn it down.  Reception is good and it pairs with my L2 quickly and easily.  No problems hearing other people or them hearing me.Last thing... it pairs up with my Mac G4 no problems.  System sounds go through it and that's pretty cool!I give it a 4 out of 5.
So far the bluetooth is not quite as good as my stand-by Plantronics Voyager 520 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging], of which I've bought two. I've been told that the bluetooth sounds as good on the other end as my Voyager 520, but from my end, it's not quite as good. The best part of this bluetooth is the vehicle power adapter. All of my other bluetooth earpieces have come with a desktop/wall charger, and the primary reason I ordered this is so I can charge it in my car. When the charger is fully extended and the bluetooth attached, it looks like a huge spy pen. For that reason alone, everyone who has seen has wanted to order one.This is so cheap, you can order it and keep it as a spare in your car since it's easy to charge and doesn't take up much more room that a big spy pen.
I have owned 2 Plantronics headsets -- The 665 and its predecessor, the 655. Both have suffered the same fate. The little rubber ear tips are flimsy and keep breaking. When I pick up the headset, the ear tip falls out. I purchased the ear tip replacement pack, which costs about $10 and you get 3 ear tips -- 1 small, 1 medium, and 1 large. Given that I only have a need for 1 size, I basically had to pay $10 for one ear tip... which broke after 30 days. The headset sounds pretty good, fits in my ear OK, and people say they can hear me pretty well. Despite all of these positives, I will be replacing it with another brand.
My first impression is that whoever designed this product must have liked Kinder eggs when they were younger: everything involves assembly, and the car charger looks like something out of a Bond movie. Although I didn't have any issues with the call quality, the biggest problem was the plastic hoop that connect the headset to your ear - it's flimsy, breaks off easily in your pocket, and isn't particularly comfortable.It's definitely not bad for the price, but I don't think it stands up well to the Motorola range. If you spend a little more, you can get a little more comfort and considerably fewer attachments.
I guess it depends on your phone, even though this cable says it works with the shine, there is no shine driver on the cd. without the proper driver you cannot proceed. I don't think it's the cable at all, which is working very well at charging the phone. I did hunt around and downloads the drivers, the phone then shows up as removable f:...sometimes....but not in Windows Media Player and I could not get any music to transfer, I kept getting I/O device error.By the same token I got a Z9 and was able to easily connect and transfer using WMP.I bought a reader writer, and I was able to finally get music onto the shine. So just beware that the data cable is NOT working with all phone. It's all over the internet too.
For all those u have been having problems with the phone turning ON when in your pocket and who din know how to lock your keys that are outside...here is the solution... when u press the power button u get an option to lock keypad... select to lock the keypad and that way you dont have to worry about battery draining when in your pocket... i do accept the fact that the battery life on the N75 is not as great as any other Nokia phone... But I thot locking the phone in my pocket saves me a lot of battery... I charge my phone everyday :(... But overall it is an excellent phone...U dont get such a good phone being offered by any provider for FREE...
The battery I received is not new...I thought I was buying a new battery but instead received a battery that is in no better condition than the one I am replacing.  Now to be fair I went back and looked and it doesn't actually say "New" in the description, but it doesn't say "Used" either.  The picture is of a new battery and describing it as "Original" leads people to believe they are receiving a new, original OEM replacement part.  This is not the case.  I called the customer service number and its an answering machine asking for your name, order number, and detailed description of why you are calling.  I somehow get the feeling they get a lot of calls complaining about this so they use this as a screening method.  This seller is shady and should not be allowed to sell on Amazon.  My recommendation...DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!
I have to say this is prolly the best bluetooth headphone out there, but also the most expensive.  I had bought mine through Verizon with a 25% corp. discount, which came out to $90.  If I had know Amazon carried it, I would of purchased through Amazon and saved about $7 on tax.I paired it with my LG Voyager and it works fine and it even works all the way across the gym.  The sound quality is good, but the volume on the unit is not loud enough.I have heard many people complain that the unit is not water resistant, I have not jogged with it yet, but will found out later.  Great product with good looks.
Bought these in Aug 07 and they worked great out of the box.  They were especially good in the gym or anywhere inside, but had a very limited range outdoors. When jogging you have to keep your device strapped to your arm-which is not a big deal and the headset works good.  Reason the review is in the past tense is that from one use to the next the volume up control stopped working. The volume down button worked, so I tried lowering the volume to the bottom and then increase..oh well..it reached the bottom and won't increase, so essentially you can't hear any sound out of it any longer.  I'll now have to deal with the warranty dept of Motorola I suppose. But I wouldn't buy these again, as I have read of this defect in other reviews
I have a dash t-mobile phone and it work great with it .. i also have connect it to my computer and used it there with a blue-tooth adapter.. plus the sound is great .. plus everybody hears me perfect even while biking .. and while its raining.. even though.. i haven't used it so much while raining about once or twice.. plus over all i haven't had a problems so far ( A month and a week of having it).. just more to say u can find it cheaper on other web sites..($89.99)  well  get it if ur a outdoor type of person.. Yup! for sure its a great blue-tooth over all....
O.K., O.K., I know there are numerous reviews here that warn that these headphones fail if you sweat on them, but I decided to try them anyways.  If you want to use these for workouts, do not ignore the warnings - go buy something else.I received them yesterday, paired them to my blackberry, and headed out to the gym.  They worked great for about 30 minutes, then the left speaker and all controls on the left side (volume up, down, and phone buttons) ceased to work.  I was definitely sweating, but come on they don't even last 30 minutes???  Sent them back to Amazon this morning.  Maybe I'll try the Jaybirds next-
This device works great.  It syncs in a second with any bluetooth phone, computer, mp3 player, or other device.  The sound quality is incredible.  The controls allow you to adjust the volume, pause, fast forward or rewind, go to the next song or the previous one.  Incoming phone calls will beep and you can pause the music and answer the call just by touching a button.  there are two different types of earpieces that slide on so you can customize your fit.  The unit is water resistant and very tough.  I use it while biking or just around the house as it is very light and NO CORDS!  Works perfectly.  I highly recommend it.  Cons: none.  do yourself a favor and buy one, you won;t be disappointed.
Looks great. Charges easily. Love that it's moisture resistant which is perfect for running and doing a lot of walking in various weather as I do. Also my sweat won't ruin it.BIG CON: Very, very twitchy in keeping connected to the phone. Basically if it's not in your back pocket, it's going to cut out a lot if you move your head too much, etc. I prefer keeping my phone in my front shirt pocket, but that doesn't work so well with this headset. Also, you can't very well sit down with your phone in your back pocket either (and then it doesn't connect well either because you are sitting on the phone). So really only works well if you are standing up and it's in your back pocket. All other uses are only so-so.Wish I hadn't bought it.
I use these paired with the nike+ system and my iPhone.  I bought three other pairs of "workout" headphones.  The wires were a problem when I ran or the ear clamps didn't hold.  None were a good solution.  I was opposed to paying this much for headphones but decided to give them a shot.  Wow, best $60 I ever spent.  They work great, fit very well, don't fall off when I run several miles, and double as a bluetooth headset - yes, you can answer a call while running.  I just couldn't be happier with the purchase.  Well, if I could find a hard case for them when I travel I might be a wee bit happier, but a terrific product nonetheless.
Pros: good pairing and consistent stream. Decent sound although not loud enough.Cons: very uncomfortable fit(my ears hurt just after an hour of having them on), lots of background noise, sound doesn't get loud enough in pulic busy places, extremely annoying when you wear any jacket since you keep feeling it catch.Bottom line: Don't buy it! The participles for a good device is there but they need to improve on the design and make a lot more comfortable before people can start enjoy using it.
I purchased these stereo bluetooth headphones for use with my Blackberry Curve 8900.These headphones work well indoors with no problems with connectivity, however the story is quite different when I am outside with the Blackberry in my pocket...the reception cuts in and out to the point where its unusable.  Holding the blackberry in my hand seems to improve the reception somewhat but that defeats the purpose.This is quite disappointing since I wanted to use these when I am out running so I am back to my wired headphones.  I am not sure if this is due to the Blackberry or the headphones itself.  There were some posts over in the Blackberry Forums that complain of this same problem.
Case is large, certainly, but as are all cases of this type.  It fits well, even with a third-party wireless charging card inside the battery compartment.  I wouldn't say it exactly looks good though.  If you've had an Otterbox, it looks like the rest, you're sacrificing appearance and size for protection.  I got it mainly because it comes with a belt clip, and the GS5 is a pretty big phone to carry in your pocket, especially as the days get warmer.It seems to attract and hold dust a lot.  Perhaps lighter colors wouldn't show that as much.  Personally, I find that big chunk of rubber protecting the headphone jack unnecessary.  The headphone jack on this phone is waterproof anyway, and there's a very big cutout in the bottom to access the charging port.
This is quite a bulky case with the holster/belt clip in place but not so bulky if you just use the case.  It does provide a lot of protection so if you have kids using your phone or tend to have butter fingers, you may like this.All the buttons & ports are easily accessible. It snaps on & off the holster fairly easily and stays on & in place.  For me, I will rarely use the holster because it is so bulky & hard plastic; women tend not to use holsters & I am no exception.  My husband, who uses a holster every day, also felt this holster is too bulky/hard plastic.  I do use the &#34;case&#34; portion.  The case is a heavy duty rubbery plastic that is easy to grip & provides good protection.
This is my first Otterbox case. I always through they were too bulky and I like more fashionable cases for my wireless phones. Putting this on was a little challenging for me- Had to watch a video on it.. The rubber casing is on really good- But that is a good thing.  Now my phone is protected from EVERYTHING.I left my screen protector on and that was a mistake- The touch screen wasn't nearly as respondent. I took it apart removed the screen protector and now he screen is totally 100 percent respondent. Only issue is if I want to take my phone out and put in a different case I will loose that protection. But the built in screen protector on this Otterbox works great, keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now. Very impressed with my first Otterbox!
I moved from an S4 with this same series case to an S5 with the case. The S5 case feels like it has a lot more grip. It doesn't fit 100% perfectly, but it's really enough that it looks really crisp and more snug than the S4. The biggest issue I have with is that the headphone flap isn't easy to fully close, but it also isn't easy to open either, so it protects that jack well. It's difficult to take off, but that's also good in the sense that it won't snag and come off. Don't get this case if you're often opening up your phone to replace batteries or SD cards.
I was excited to rip the package open to put my trusted Otterbox on my new galaxy s5. Frankly, that's where the excitement stops. The plastic two piece holder which you place your phone in doesn't connect tightly, feels real loose over the phone before placing it in the rubber outside protection price. Once inside the remaining rubber piece the volume buttons don't line up properly nor does the power button. The strip at the bottom of the case that's right below the home button is to high basically making you disable the fingerprint scanning portion  of the phone. I believe Otterbox released this case just a little to soon before working the bugs out. I'm using the pelican brand case until Otterbox works the kinks out.
At just under $50, the Otterbox Defender series cases are some of the most expensive on the market - but there has been very little innovative added in recent years. While I do agree with &#34;don't mess with a winning team&#34;, some phones (like the S5) have evolved a lot, yet the case has not. The finger print scanner on the S5 is very hard to use this Otterbox. Also, it is still not possible to use wireless charging with these cases, which is a real shame. Ideally, a company like this should keep innovating and ensure customers continue to invest in new cases.That said, the protection level is still quite good - not quite &#34;feel fine dropping it&#34;, but I'd certainly wouldn't be too worried to throw my phone in a bag. Additionally, since the S5 offers weather protection on its own, the value proposition of the Defender series is lost a little.
I got the case the same day I went to purchase the S5. Case is easy to take off and put on after the 1st time of disassembly. As has been mentioned before the hole for the home button is off by a slight bit. It isn't enough to detract from usage, but Otterbox should fix this and offer panel swapouts to those users who request them. As I work in retail, I know many of these are already in stores. Most people probably won't care, but it may contribute to poor fingerprint sensor operation. Other than this, I expect a long time of protection for my S5.
I love the otterbox and feel that it does a great job protecting my phone.  It does add some weight to the phone but that is the trade off for being protected.  My one issue is that it took several tries to get the case to fit snuggly on the phone the top corner just did not want to take.  Also did not like the plastic top cover from otter box only because I had purchesed from Vorizon a top cover that kept it from getting smudges finger prints.  The cutouts are fine and no issues charging my phone with the otterbox cover being on.
Alright, I am a guy, and I can confidently say that the black ones belongs to us.My gf lost her iphone 5s and bought a S4, and was looking for a case.As I was shopping for a case for my S4 as well, I bought one from More (Para Vertex) and this back LuxePave black diamond for my gf.Upon receiving the two, I was so disappointed by the product from More which i paid over 40 dollars, this one caught my eyeI installed it on my phone and holy ****. My phone looked so freakin awesome and the fit was perfect.In the end, I stole this one from my gf and started using it. The backside of it has a very nice feel, not slippery at all.I highly recommend this product, if you are a male, get the black one.Great looks, great feel, great protection, great fit, great price5 Stars
UPDATE:You will drop your phone using this case and I never dropped my phone before. It's very slick with no grip on the edges. Thankfully didn't damage the phone, which displays the HTC ONE's superior build quality as it was dropped on hard ceramic tile from 36" counter height. Like I said before the clear plastic will and DOES scratch really easily.I did like that you could barely tell that my phone had a case on it and literally had compliments on that fact, but the risk of damage is too great for me.Just reinstalled the stock smoked(color can't display the awesome brushed aluminum on back)TPU case for now to protect it.ORIGINAL REVIEW:It does fit snug and snaps into place, but very limited edge coverage so won't protect like it should. Feels like it would snap/slip off the edge if dropped, not protecting the phone like it should. Polished hard plastic not the TPU rubber/plastic style so it will scratch easier on the back.
I like this case. the only thing that made me worry was the thin section by the volume rocker, but it has held up well. I like that it doesn't hurt my ear when i talk on my phone. i like that it doesn't interfere when I text. I love that it doesn't add any bulk to the phone and still protects my phone. I have been using this case for about a month. It meets all my requirements. 1 fits 2 works good 3 price is great 4 protects my phone.
Only looking for scratch protection from the back of the phone. It doesn't hide the beauty of the phone and hardly adds bulk at all.Mine is completely void of any logos. The picture showed that the boxwave logo was on the back of the case, but mine arrived without. Just how I would've wanted it.If you aren't prone to dropping your phone, this case is perfect. Well done boxwaveUpdate***After a couple days of using the case, I have found it very uncomfortable.  The top and bottom of the case is not rounded.  It's almost sharp.  It's uncomfortable on the fingers.  I switched back to my other case
I absolutely LOVE this case! Its super thin, you can hardly feel it on the phone, the volume buttons are easy to access, and I the top and bottom cut outs are one of my favorite features. The only part I don't love is that scratches are easily accumulated and I toss my phone in my purse so I've already acquired quite a few.. But that's the way it does with any hard case. I got one to keep as a backup and I'm ordering one of the soft TPU cases today :)
I've used this for a couple of years as a back-up charger for my Kindle or for some of the phones in my family.  I haven't had much luck charging my iPhone with it, but the rest of the phones did OK.  It's perfect for my Kindle though.As some other reviewers pointed out, it sticks straight out of the device that it's charging.  So it isn't very practical to use the device and charge it at the same time.  But if you're stuck in an airport and need to charge something before a flight, it sure beats not having any charge at all.I assume they designed it that way because it's a more efficient use of battery power than a longer cable would have been.  Just a guess...I don't leave home without mine though.  It's in my emergency cable pouch that I always take wherever I go.  I just have to remember to replace the batteries from time to time.
I know it's only  $4.50, but this is a piece of garbage that is so outdated (made in 2007) that it should be in a museum.  First, it comes with no tips.  When I ordered it, I thought it would have something other than the base unit.  I haven't used it because I refuse to invest more money in this...it is so old that it probably won't work with my Galaxy S3 and if it does, it would probably not be able to power it much.I bought it out of desperation when Hurricane Sandy hit.  I regret buying this and wasting my money.....  P U R E  --  G A R B A G E!
I've had a couple of the &#34;beanbag&#34; dash holders for my GPS navigator.  While some claim that those things stay in place, my Garmin GPS slid off the dash one time too many.  I had seen one of these sticky pads once before, so I though it worth a shot.  I super-glued it to the center of the bottom of the beanbag GPS holder, and it transformed the thing into a secure dash-top holder.  Yes, the combined device is now a bit more expensive than it should have been, but the holder was sunk cost.  This made it useful.
This jell pad is a harder compound than other more expensive jell pads I have used and is less subject to damage from use. As long as it is kept clean it does it's job. I bought it because I drive serveral different vehicles during a weeks time and wanted something inexpensive to hold my cell phone. This does what I wanted it to do only with a little more cleaning maintenance. The pad will hold one item comfortably, such as a cell phone. Add an item and it is a crowded pad. Fast shipper as I received this item within a few days after ordering.
I picked this one based on the reviews.  It seemed like it had the best reviews for the price.  And yes, it works, and it works great.The back has a protection sheet to keep it clean for mounting on a dashboard.  But it's not glue-based, even on the back, so it comes right off.  Cleaning it to get it back to new would be difficult since it sticks to pretty much anything, but I don't see that being a problem long-term, as it even sticks on a veritcal surface perfectly.  Of course your phone won't stay on at 90degrees vertical, but from the testing I've done, it works great up to and over 45 degrees.
This case is best at protecting the face and back of the phone. If you need all around protection (military, police, etc), look for another case. I like it because of the ease to attach charger, no need to remove from case. It does the job if your just looking to protect your phone in your purse or backpack. As far a using wired headsets, unless you use a hole puncher and seam ripper, as I did, to make a hole there is no opening for them. Fits snug on Galaxy S2 even after months of use. The magnetic closure can come off depending on the rough usage.
Most people seem very quick to review this case, but one thing you always have to keep in mind with a leather case, is it takes about a week to stretch out. If the phone wasnt tight, it would fall out a week later once it was stretched out. I received this case about 8 days ago, and after 5 the phone fit perfect. Would be hard to fit my needs better.The only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of 5 is because you can really only put the phone into the case one way. You must put it in, camera up, with the back of the phone toward you. Since the Droid X unlike most phones is fatter at the top, you must put it in bottom first. By putting the back of the phone toward you the camera goes over the waste clip, and the magnet snap closes properly.Thanks for a great, cheap, case!
This is a very nice looking case and the Droid X fits nicely in it.  As another reviewer stated you have to modify it some so you can attach a charging cable to it.  That's not so bad. But the clip that installs on the case does not stay on securely and if you are getting out of your vehicle or up from a chair the seat belt or chair arm will pop the case right off the clip.  Luckily the case protects it well enough but I still don't like it coming off that easy.
It actually works well for the iPhone 5 also.  Durable and well made.  Comfortable to wear.  My last one broke after about 2 years....and I liked it so much that I reordered the exact same one.Update:  After a couple of months, the metal piece on the flap came out.  The magnets seem to be stronger than necessary and put a good tug on the simple method to keep that piece attached.  Still, it's inexpensive and I am re-ordering a new one because I like everything else about it,
I use this with a regular land line phone.  You plug it in as directed on the instructions.  To use it you lift the handset and push a button on the earpiece to turn the earpiece on.  The sound quality is very good.  Microphone seems good, nobody has complained they cannot hear me.  Volume is adjustable.  There is really no detectable interference.  There is no head attachment so you must use this over the ear.  That would have been nice.  Sometimes in a hurry it is tricky to get it situated on your ear correctly.
the batter died and then yo uahve to buy and solder a new one in there.  REALLY!  or thow it out and buy a new one for 200.they say they dont make the CS70N anylonger so you have to buy a whole new unit.  Terrible design.im on the phone a good part of the day and should have known better to not buy a more expensive unit.do yourself a favor and call the manufacturer first and ask about stuff like battery life, how to replace.  I would have not purchased this if I had know it woudl last only a year or two.
The range is really great and the battery life has been very good so far. It does the most important things well. Here's why I'm giving just 4 stars: 1) It picks up too much background noise. I was able to improve that someone with setting changes, but it still picks up significantly more than just the handset. 2) It suffers from interference with other bluetooth devices. If my cell phone and regular bluetooth are in proximity of me while I'm using this my voice will start cutting out. I have to move my cell phone and bluetooth to the side of my desk so it's not between me with this headset and the base. It's an easy fix, but caused a major issues for a while until I figured that out.
Just received it this morning and feel strongly that I should write something about it. This is a really nice wireless headset. Setup in 5 minutes. Spend a little more time on 6 different ear pieces comes with it and decided on one with silicon gel that fits really good. The sound quality is decent and is comfortable to wear. It is also lightweight and I can barely felt it. Replacing the ear piece caused me to break one small cushion piece around the connector, but it can be avoided. Don't think it is a quality issue. The headset can be used for either right or left ear. Overall I am very happy about the purchase.
This works and it comes with the hardware to mount it somewhere so it won't slide around. As an extension and socket splitter it is OK.However they missed an essential trick on the USB power supply. If a device wants a smart USB powered device like an iPhone or iPod to see it as a high power source, and not as a data connection, it needs to short the data interface pins with a resistor not more than 200k ohms. That is in the USB spec. You can tell this hasn't been done because when you plug in an Android phone it asks if you want to mount as a media device or a hard drive.So if you are looking for a neat way to power and charge a modern smart device then this isn't it. For the 2c it would cost them for the resistors the manufacturers really should have done this. I may even try it myself since it looks like there is room to work in there and I have an electronics lab to play in.
Road warriors with a lot of gear need one of these. Not only can you plug this into your car's aux electrical outlet.This one is equipped with a hardwiring option so you can place it in the system with its own fuse block and leave your stock outlets free.I did that, mounting this outlet block inside my car's center bin to give me charging options for phones, tablets, Kindles, cameras, etc. that will fit inside the bin and charge there.YMMV but if you're starting with this gadget and install it correctly you will have the charging options you need.
I have one of these on my cruiser and my sport bike. On the one on my CBR I ended up cutting the cig plug off and wiring the negative to my neg battery terminal and the hot to the back of my fuse box. I wired mine into the Horn fuse. On this cable the stripe is hot (+).On my Shadow Sabre I stuck this onto the under side of my bat wing.Obviously you will want to purchase some higher grade velcro if you are using it in a similar application.It works well, I can run GPS, phone, and radar at the same time.Works with Garmin Nuvi 13XX SeriesUSB charges my Samsung Galaxy S3Just bend the prongs out some on your chargers to get keep them from wiggling out from road bumps. (The male end of whatever cig outlets going into this thing)
I have an XM radio SkyDock plugged in to my 2006 Toyota 4runner.  The design of the Skydock's lighter plug makes it very stable and very difficult to remove.  I added one of these unit's inside my center console then cut off the plug end and soldered the wires to the terminals on the existing lighter socket.  Haven't had a single problem yet.If you are doing something similar, make sure you take into account the clearance you will need when the lid to the console is closed and something is plugged into one of the sockets.
I'm using this in my 2008 Honda Civic. The power it can draw matches that which my cigarette outlet can output. This was a little more expensive than the other ones I had found. But it had a fuse and was proper Power usage. The USB charging is nothing spectacular, I'm using a Samsung galaxy S3. I haven't tried a full load on this yet. I run a Bluetooth adapter and charge my phone through this leaving me one extra USB port and cigarette lighter in case I need it.It does come with mounting screws and double-sided tape. I haven't used either of them, I don't suspect I will.
If you're like me, you've just about given up trying to find a reliable bluetooth headset and transmitter.  Look no further.  I bought this unit with the matching transmitter ("Sony Bluetooth Wirleless Transmitter for iPod (Black)"), and have been enjoying clear, reliable music ever since.  This headset has a volume adjustment that actually works -- the upper volume range is amazing.  The track-changing controls are also snappy (just flick to change).  The unit pairs quite well with its own transmitter.Bluetooth is not great for deep sounds, so the bottom range is just okay.  But the overall sound is better than any competing products.One recommendation that I am surprised no one has considered: an on-off switch that, once flipped on, automatically pairs without having to hold buttons down.  All bluettoth headsets are guilty of this gaffe.
I tried this headphone in an office environment where we can make phone calls from our PCs.When listening to streaming music and news these headphones were great.  The sound quality had just the right mix of base and treble. The A2DP profile had no crackle and overall was flawless.My only problem with these headphones was in using the microphone.  Since it isn't on a boom it is omni-directional.  Often this lead to callers hearing my colleagues more than me, and issue with our phone software modifying volume levels automatically because it thought I was speaking.  Therefore, I wouldn't recommend this headphone if you need to use the mic anywhere that might be in the slightest bit noisy.  That said, the mic did pic up everything it could.
Pros:Price of this unit on Amazon.SOund qualitylight weightBattery lifefolds to almost half its extended sizeCons:-volume buttons need some redesign.  I have huge fingers and still cant get used to doing the volume without looking at the buttons on the right ear phone.-no noise cancelling feature in this model.  couldnt be that much harder to add it.  im sure later models will have this feature.-BT connection problems.  Not sure if its the headphones or my LG Voyager, but sometimes even though the LG says the Sony headset is connected, music will come blaring out of the phone instead.  It takes some power cycling of Bluetooth on the phone and headset to get everything to work.  Again, this may be LG Voyager issue.-Travel pouch sucks.  Absolutely no padding.
Buying these headphones was a terrible mistake. The sound is flat and lifeless and the volume controls do nothing. I bought these to use with my Palm Pre. I don't know if the problem is Pre related, the Pre's bluetooth stack has a lot of deficiencies, or if these are just lousy headphones. Either way the combination of the Pre and these headphones is not a good one, Palm Pre owners should avoid these. I have a cheap pair of wired headphones that have an order of magnitude better sound when used with my Pre.
The sound quality is good WHEN it works.  Although easy to pair with Blue Tooth to the iPhone once I did it and tried it again at the gym I can't get the music to play and of course you probably already know the controls on the Sony Headset don't control the iPod/iphone?  I thought it was really cool at first but after trying to get it to work at the gym for three days running it goes back.  It is also worth mentioning that you can't use regular rechargeable batteries.  It has a built in Sony battery that you have to use its own specific charger for.  Oh goodie, something else to recharge and keep up with.  Not worth the headaches.
It's really hard to describe how good it sounds.  I've been impressing all my friends with it's audio quality; regardless of it being wireless or not.  I can heard subtle details in the songs that I didn't know existed; just like studio monitor headphones.  In fact, they are so clear, I can easily tell the difference between standard mp3 compression sound quality and audio CDs.  I've been using these headphones for days and hours at a time; and, it just doesnt run out of battery power.  It also does a great job of cutting out noise that you dont want to hear in the same room.
Although the plastic looks and feels like very cheap plastic and as if were to fall it'd come apart easily (mine has yet to fall), this is a nice idea of having a AC (home) and DC (on the road) charger for your Kindle or such.Keep in mind though you NEED a tip that's appropriate for your device.  Be it the A00 tip for your Kindle or whatever.  Having this alone will not do anything for you.It comes with a nice black bag to keep both chargers and the wire spool inside of along with the tip.
I really like the "behind the ear" headsets, they seem more comfortable to me so I decided to upgrade to the Jabra BT5020. I moved from the Jabra BT500 to the BT5020 and really like the BT5020.  I like the size and solid black color, it's very unassuming, never cared for the startrek look of the other headsets. The volume is loud and clear. The headset is very easy to wear for long periods of time because of it's light weight. It has GREAT talk and standby time and comes with a AC Adapter and a USB cable for charging, so you can have the AC Adapter at home and the USB cable at work or with your laptop for charging.I had a bit of trouble pairing it to my Treo 700Wx but got it working, it also paired fine with my wifes Motorola Razor and my kids Samsung U740.Great unit, good features and a good price!
The headset was purchased to pair with the new Storm, it was terrible, muffled on the called side and sounded like a tunnel on the caller side.  Tried several different phones, landline, other cell out of area codes and even international, same result.  So if your pairing it with the Blackberry Storm don't bother.I returned it and replaced it with the BlueAnt Z9i and what a amazing difference, clear as a bell at both ends of the call, great noise cancelling and seems to pair with no problems, also can pair with 5 devices at once and can switch to the called phone.Hope this helps someone.
I wasn't getting very good audio quality, and could not manage to perform the long duration hold of the answer button to get my Samsung SCH-A870 to enter speech recognition mode.Another web-site I found explained how to enable/disable the vibrate feature of the headset, and also perform a reset.Try the search string:Jabra BT5020 Vibrate Enable/Disable Reset the DeviceNote: neither procedure is explained in the manual for the headset which came with the unit (or the downloadable manual from the Jabra website for that matter. That is inexcusable in my opinion. The manual on the web should be made up to date by a manufacturer at the very least).Once the headset was reset, not only was the sound quality better, I could finally use the long duration tap of the answer button feature to initiate voice calling on the cell phone through the headset.I actually like the headset now. No issues with voice or digit dialing.The only drawback I find is the earbud doesn't stay on the earpiece.
As stated this is a Sony product in the original package.  It appears well made and charges my Sony P1i phone.  It actually has 2 lights.  The first is a ready light on the 12 V plug end that indicates the charger is plugged into the adapter in your auto (it does not hurt the battery of my vehicle to keep this plugged in all the time).  The second light is on the other end (that attaches to your Sony phone) and can be turned on or off.  It is fairly bright and can be used as a flashlight.
I received it promptly.  I was little uncertain at first when I opened the shipping package I saw what it was packaged in, a zip lock bag. I also was hesitant to buy because other reviews stated that it wasn't durable.  But I figured for the price I'll give it a try. I wouldn't lose much if it didn't work out for me and if it did then I got at an awesome price! I've had it for three months now and it works great. It isn't as flimsy as people said it is, I don't see how people could break those prongs.  Sturdy and reliable! I would highly recommend it!!!
I love this charger for my Sony z550a. I can charge my phone, and use the pass through to listen to MP3s playing from my phone on the car stereo.My only complain is the bright green LED that is on the end of the charger (to show that it's plugged in). At night, this LED lights up the car's cabin and since my power is on the console, it shines directly in my eyes. I've had to place a small piece of black electrical tape over the light to dim it. Standard hole-punch made a perfect circle shaped mask.
This is the second Scala 700 set that I've owned. The first one developed a crack right on the seam after less than a year of use (I didn't drop it). I tried super glue but the glue may have gotten into the circuitry because the microphone stopped working.Overall, the headset feels flimsy and if you grip it too tightly, it will crack. However, we all want a lightweight headset...so maybe I shouldn't complain. The Scala picks up all outgoing calls automatically after you dial the # on your cell phone. However, you have to press the button on the Scala after picking up incoming calls. This results in a 2-3 second delay...an eternity if you've got another person on the line saying "hello? hello?".It's got its drawbacks but it's the only headset that works consistently with my Treo 650.
This headset performs exceptionally well for such a light device.  It's almost so small that you can lose track of it in a pocket.  Even comes with a carrying case!Battery life is very good, and speaker volume was actually too high at times (but easily adjusted).  When speaking with other people, they were able to hear me very clearly.  Occasionally, the noise canceling would cut off my voice if I was too quiet.  When driving in a car, this happened rather frequently.In short, this headset is an absolute bargain whose only drawback may be with regard to operating in noisy environments.  The Jawbone may be better at managing noise, but it's far more expensive.  Get this if you're looking for a deal.
Overall, I really like this bluetooth speakerphone. But, I have had problems with the slide-out microphone not going back in after use. I actually had to open it up and glue the holding latch back in place twice now. A pain? Yes. But not too much to stop using it - the sound quality is the best I've used so far.**********Updated 6-28-2012I was correct in my initial review, the slide-out mic was a problem. It eventually broke and was unusable after that. I went to the Motorola TX-500 and couldn't be happier.Motorola TX500 Universal Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone - Black - Retail Packaging
The Supertooth Light is an incredible product! It just works - easy to pair, automatic connection when I turn it on, good sound quality. The battery life is terrific. I charge every week or so, but it has never run out of power. I use it every day. Went on vacation recently without a charger - no worry, it never lost power. The magnetic mount is great - when you flip the visor down to block the sun, you can just slide the unit around to the other side of the visor and keep on talking. I have a Blueant Z9 (great product) but rarely use it any more! Let's hear it for those Aussies!
I purchased this after reading the positive reviews.  I should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews that talked about the microphone wand that acts as an on/off switch.I used it a total of about 6 times and the "wand" refuses to go back. The mechanism that allows it to retract is not working and as a result its always on.When I went to Amazon to return it, it would not let me return saying the last date to return had just passed and there is some vague language about partial credit etc.So I opened a warranty ticket with BlueAnt.  Let's see how that works.I am disappointed that Amazon does not clearly explain what to do with products that go defective after a month.
I ordered these because I was tired of bundling up all the different USB cables I use at my desk. Everything has its own USB cable, micro, mini, etc. We just purchased an IPOD and I thought I would try these. They seem to work well. They appear well made and not real flimsy. I have our IPOD in an Otterbox case, and the flap opening catches on one edge of the connector. I simply used my Dremel tool to grind the corner off the catching edge of the connector, and it fits fine now,. If you have your IPOD uncased, it should work just fine. This connector that goes into the IPOD does have some release catches on it. You need to squeeze a tiny button on each side to release the connection. I mention this because none of my other IPOD cables have any kind of latching system.
This retractable sync/charging cable appears to work as advertised.  Quality and/or durability of the retractable part may or may not hold up well but only time will tell about that.  You should look at the diagram on one side of the unit first.  It stated that you Should Not pull on just one end of the line(s) at one time.  Both should be pulled at the same time. After a very brief use it appears that if you pull on both lines at the same time, with just the right amount of force and distance, that the retractor will catch and you will have just the amount of line distance you need and you can use your hands to plug it in. Pull again equally on both lines and the whole things retracts.
I just got it in the mail and I saw the reviews and figured &#34;I'll just reinforce the stitches with a needle and thread when it arrives.&#34; but an examination of it revealed that it's pretty durable. The stitching looks just fine and honestlyI don't see how it's going to come undone after a couple days. On a side note, there are two belt holster options. vertically and horizontally. The verticle holster is under the clip (which felt pretty durable) and then under that is the horizontal one.Maybe I'll end up being wrong, but I have heavy duty needles so I'll just use that to reinforce the stitching if need be. Or I'll be lazy and glue it.
I bought this case despite some negative reviews due to needing stuff ASAP as Sprint was shipping me my new S4 and i dread not having everything i need right away..I am using this case for a Samsung S4 with a Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S4 5200mAh Extended Battery + Black Back Cover (Compatible With ALL Samsung Galaxy S 4 Models) [18 Month Warranty] **NOW WITH NFC / Google Wallet** and the Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S4 Extended Battery HoneyComb Matte TPU Case / Cover  for the enlarged battery and Door. This case performed great for 2 weeks, then the GLUE just stopped holding the seams together for all stress points on the case. I bought mine from  DeCi Accessories. I cannot recommend this case.
Someone, somewhere has a dark sense of humor.  After ordering a CA-100 cable and waiting for the Brown Truck of Happiness to arrive, I discovered that inside the Amazon box was a sealed package festooned with Nokia logo and "CA-100" model designation.  The back of the package says "Nokia Original Accessories" too.  Inside the sealed box is a Nokia branded CA-101D cable.  What this means is that instead of the CA-100 cable that has a USB connector on one end, and a Nokia 2mm connector on the other, I ended up with a cable that has a micro-USB connector on one end.  So... No joy.  For a $6 cable I'm not going to burn gasoline and time returning it. I can always use this cable with my other devices. However, I cannot recommend this vendor at all.
It is exactly the size of a USB memory stick with a lanyard attached. Read, small, very small. The USB cap is attached to the charging wire, an excellent design.Oh does it work perfectly. Combine this with anAPC UPB10 Mobile Power Pack for charging mobile devicesbattery, and you've got one heck of a charging device.Yes this thing is way too expensive. But darn it, I'm charing my very expensive Nokia phone with it (N95).Nokia N95-3 Silver/Bronze Phone (Unlocked) North American VersionHappy I bought this. The Amazon seller - Antonline - not exactly a speedy rabbit.Now I have to figure out how not to lose this device.
This little product is awesome !!I use it with my unlocked Nokia 95-3 and Nokia 800 Internet Tablet to charge them from my Apple MacBook. It charges even when it is in sleep mode.It is tiny and extremely convenient.The price is high, but for the convenience and function it provides it is worth it. I was not able to find any cheaper similar products offered by third parties. This is the real thing from Nokia.I now no longer need to carry any bulky, ugly, power bricks with me to keep charged up. All I need is this little gem. Very nice Nokia !
I've tried several of these cell phone signal boosters, and I have to say, not one of them is worth a dime.  Do they boost your cell signal?  Maybe...a little....sort of... not really.  Yes, the bars on my Sprint phone do jump a tad when I turn this on, but it's barely noticeable and certainly not worth the exorbitant price.  This one just feels like tech snake-oil.  No, moving to different locations made no difference.  Nothing did.  This thing is just a placebo.  Don't bother.
I've had 5 bluetooth headsets so far. Jabra was the first one I got, and now I'm back for Jabra. I had problem with it for a while; it kept dropping signals. I tried to update the firmware and now it's all good. I like the fact that customers can do their own maintenance.I'm very comfortable with the wearing, and I have no idea why some people complained--they might have special ear shape or size...I'm using it mostly as a stereo headset and the sound quality is quite acceptable. The only concern is its battery is not long as my other sets, it lasts about 5 hours when listen to music.
I ordered 3 of them, 2 of them came without an issue, but the 1 that had problem, it got very very difficult to get it replaced, the company I ordered from told me to go to Jabra directly, at Jabra website, after entering all the info as per requested, they simply send me an email to how to resolve it and after trying that and notify them again via email (no phone #), and I've asked for an exchange and again, they replied to ask me to do the same process again, it's never ending. Bad customer service.
This bluetooth actualy worked fine, but would not stay placed properly on my ears when I moved around. I needed something to use for stereo while at the gym. I have gone through over the ear, in the ear and on the head bluetooths. The on the head Cardo S2, stayed on my head well, but broke next to the ear with in a month. The in ear canal and over the ear didn't stay in place to my liking. I actual had to spend some money to get ear molds made for the Plantronics 855. It was a fairly expensive solution to my stereo needs. But for the way my head and ear canals are shaped, it seemed to be my only solution. If these fit your ears you should be happy with them.
All I really care about in a right-now-immediate way is calls.  Texts, and even weather emergencies can wait ten or fifteen minutes for me to check my phone again.  I have tiny wrists, and hate wearing stuff on my wrists anyway.  This I have on a lanyard when it's not in my ear, and it does the job perfectly (OK, I have a FitBit, too).  Vibrating with caller ID is all I *need.* I'm happy to wait out these first few (really) dry runs of smartwatches until Sony, Pebble, Samsung, Qualcomm, Apple (in 2018) and/or Martian finally get it right.
There are a lot of options when it comes to styluses. This is a great short lived stylus. I was looking for something other than the cheap rubber tipped styluses that are everywhere and this one worked great for a while. The tip is rubber covered with  mesh, it's size is nice being much longer than other styluses out there giving it a more comfortable and natural fit in your hand.. And don't get me wrong it works great, it slides across the screen nicely without leaving smudges or marks, but the mesh cover over the tip comes apart or will rip over time, I have purchased 3 over a matter of a few months and finally upgraded to a Wacom. Which I'm still not overly happy with.
This product is silky smooth on touch screens. I'm comparing it to an Amazon Basics rubber tipped stylus. it has several &#34;tethering&#34; options, which is a nice feature. It is a bit longer than the AB and seems to be of a heavier gauge aluminum tubing. It has a nice &#34;&#34;heft&#34; to it. A slightly thicker diameter too. The fiber mesh just glides smoothly over my ereader screen AND over the anti glare screen protector. No problems with conductivity through the screen protector either. I've only had it several days but seems like a well made product. We'll see how well it will last. Over all I'm happy with my purchase.
The only reason I gave four stars rather than five is because I've only used it for a couple of weeks and therefore am unable to comment on durability.  However, the material on the tip seems very durable and I've noticed no wear after about two weeks of probably 45 minutes per day use.  I do a lot of news reading on my iPad.  It works very well with my iPad and I periodically use it with my phone (Droid Max).  If I lose this one or wear it out, I will buy another.Suggestions:  Make the tip retractable or provide a tip cover to help keep dirt of it when not in use.  If possible, provide a model with a smaller diameter tip.
I like the stylus, it feels like it's built well, not super light and not super heavy. I'm not fond of all the different types of attachments that it comes with. I mean really who needs a plastic springy thing on it. Well to each their own I guess. Only 2 things I'd change 1) the clip. It hasn't broken off, but it just feels like it will and 2) I wish they made a smaller end to it, It'll be great for surfing but for hand writing, I'm not so sure.
I'm really enjoying my new Kill A Watt monitor because for the first time I can see exactly where and how I'm utilizing power in my house and make a direct correlation back to my monthly bill. The monitor is very easy to setup as well as to move from outlet to outlet in the house. The only thing that's a little bit of a pain is that for some reason it's very difficult to unplug a plug from it. These really should be given out for free from all power companies because it's such an invaluable tool. Now I know exactly what I need to do in order to bring down my power bill. Love it!
I got this, in part, because my father in law said that his meter said the CFL lights weren't actually pulling the wattage they claimed. I searched online and read it had to do with the way the meter read the load, and the guy recommended this one. So I got it. My CFLs pull what they say they pull, as does my AC unit. So I'm happy with it. I have it happily racking up the costs of my big AC unit right now.It's pretty easy to operate; at least, I just fumbled around until I found the measures I was interested in.  I'm going to have to read how to adjust the cost/kWhr, but other than that, it's good.
I really like these power meters, but some of them are not very accurate. I have tried 3 P4460s and several of the cheaper models and found that one of the P4460s read 86 watts when it should have been 80. That's off by 7.5% and is way out of spec according to the manual (which says it is suppose to have .5% to 2% accuracy). I am returning that unit (the replacement I bought reads 83 watts which is better). Some of the other units were off too, but not by as much. Otherwise this is a nice unit but could include an optional short power cable which makes it much easier to handle and use. I like the fact that this unit does not lose readings when power is lost.
This one is not accurate. I have compared it against several high quality meters at work, and the 4460 is always off, but often by a different direction or a different amount.I miss the display in amps the older model had. It was very useful for determining circuit loads in cases where an amp clamp was not convenient.It also hogs both outlets of a standard duplex receptacle, so the other one is covered and unusable. (Yes, a pigtail would help)I e mailed the company twice about the inaccuracy and inconsistency, and did not receive a reply.It became more and more inaccurate and finally died.
Really, the only way this thing would be better is if I could somehow unplug it and use it elsewhere without unplugging the original appliance.  Too bad that's not really possible.As the title suggests, it's loads of fun to play around with, more features than most users would probably take advantage of, and you learn a LOT about what really consumes power in the household (turns out my computer system costs more to run than the refrigerator).  You just gotta buy it and try it for yourself, worth the money by far!
Really nice device to keep track with your power consumption.  Easily allows one to see all information at the push of a button to see how much a device is costing you per hour, day, week, month and year.  Highly recommend.  Found out the Keurig coffee maker pulls more watts at a given time than the cloths iron does.  Very interesting to see what items are energy hogs and which aren't.  Plus it is a nice way to make sure that the energy saving items are really energy saving.  A CFL rated at 9 watts actually only pulled 9.1 watts which is within specs tolerance.  If you are a gadget minded person, you will love this device.  Hardest part of using this device was finding out what your energy cost is in your own area as this must be kept under lock and key if you don't have a utlity bill laying around to show you.
Not bad, I had one of the knock off brands of this, Chicago Tools one from Harbor Freight and this was about the same in accuracy except it obviously has all the features of storing all the data on how much total electricity that devic you plugged in used and estimated cost based on the cost per KW you enter in.  Pretty nice device, yes it sucks that the outlets get taken up when you plug it in, but its not like you need it on there for ages, you just need to see for a short period of time how much power that particular device is using and then take it off.  Since purchasing this, I now have a whole house monitoring system (TED 5000) and love it.  I use this now to monitor any single device on demand when I need to.
We purchased this in an attempt to weed out which appliances are causing our electric bill to rise.  It takes a little practice and some time interpreting the instruction manual, but it is worth it to see exactly what each item is costing on an hourly, daily, weekly, etc. basis.  I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that it can be very inconvenient to plug things into it.  The prongs on the back are positioned in such a way as to take up the entire outlet cover, so anything else plugged in has to be removed first.  This would be many times more user friendly if it had a short section of cord on the back so it could be plugged in and still positioned in such a way as to be more viewable too.  You have to get down eye level with wherever it is plugged in to read its results because as soon as you unplug it the display goes blank.
UPDATE: The display has failed completely on this product. While the buttons 'beep', the readout is blank. What a POS.  Now back to my initial review.I placed a 5000 BTU ceramic heater on this device to see actual usage. The device showed around 11 amps constant pull, but I left it plugged in overnight while the heater ran.  Several hours later when I checked the Kill A Watt again, it was warm, and its receptacle had deformed around the plug, making it impossible to remove.This device is supposed to have a NEMA-rated outlet capable of 15 A draw. This is what customers use a Kill-A-Watt for, to monitor real time use. Clearly this one could not handle prolonged use, and I wonder if I was sold a gray-market product.
I'm mainly playing around with this device, testing how much my appliances use.So far I have not tested anything that used more than 350W, in all instances did the meter provide reasonably accurate results.I did not test many of the extra feats this device has, as I am only interested in the power draw of certain devices.Pro's:- It does what it supposed to do and moreCons:- The display is not back lit,making it hard to read the results in dark places.I bought it reasonably expensive, but they go now for just over 25, which is a good price!It is more accurate than reading from the electric box (from the electric company) outside your home, which would show 80W as 0.08kW, and would not be able to differentiate between 10 or 14 watts.
This perform as advertised.  You plug it in, push a few buttons and it'll tell you how much juice the device(s) are sucking up.  Whether it's a single item or a surge suppressor, it'll tell you all the consumption details you need.  Plug in the cost per kWh and you've got the total cost per the elapsed time.  Calculations are there if needed as well to calculate day, month costs.As other reviews had mentioned the small text is hard to read without proper lighting and angle.  You can get used to the pattern so there would be no need to look at the small text once you get used to it.
Yes - I use this about once ever two months...The latest case - I compared the Blendtec Blender which consumed 1546 watts on max while making a smoothie and then compared my old Ninja 1100 (rated for 1100 watts) but it only consumed 320 Watts on max!!! That is why it can't break down seeds and it SUX!!!I also detected that the ninja uses 2 watts while plugged in and off but the blendtec uses 0w.  Very handy device and it is a must for all that care about saving energy and giving our world a future.
This is probably one of the most interesting tools I have ever bought.  I learn something new with it everyday.  Very easy to setup and use.  The only thing holding me back from a 5 star review is the design.  It pretty much requires exclusive use of both plugs (due to the shape) in a standard gang outlet box.  So I highly recommend getting a short jumper cable (they sell all kinds of them for plugging AC adapters ... aka wall warts ... into power strips) just get a high quality one that uses lower gauge wire and you shouldnt have any problems.
This plugs directly into the outlet, and the appliance plugs into the Kil-A-Watt, so unless your plug is really high, you're infor a bad time because the display turns off immediately when unplugged. The interface isn't what I'd call exceptionally intuitive. It does what it's supposed to, and gave me the confidence to tell the power company they lied on my bill. They actually estimated my electricity consumption instead of reading it like they said they did. My bill leveling was readjusted & I didn't pay the 3x price they tried making me pay. Three months later & still am right!
This device works great and is simple to use. I've had it for a week, and have tested almost every appliance and electronic device in the house - and there were LOTS of surprises. My only reservation is that the display is only visible when the device is plugged in so, in any location where you can't see the display, you typically need to plug it in again in elsewhere to view the result. The low-energy display it uses could easily be kept visible for a minute or two with a button battery, which would last for years in this application. I'm saving my last star for that feature!
The product works fine and for the money is a good deal, however, the plastic faceplate on mine fell off (a little scotch tape did the trick)and it would be easier to use if it had a backlight. That being said, it's probably just the glue on this one that went bad on the face plate because the other four of them my company has have had no such problem. The lack of a back light though, makes you need to use a flashlight when you use it in tight quarters or under desks. I'd gladly pay another $5 -$10 if it had a backlight. Good devive though and pretty fast when you use it right. Not hard to learn either.Wayne
I'm a road warrior who logs a LOT of time traveling.  I've abused this thing in every airport from EWR to LAX and it has performed as advertised to date.  No clip failures, magnetic latch is reliable, it hasn't loosened up significantly and appears to offer pretty good protection for my beloved Crackberry.  The RIM 'holster' function works fine so obviously the phone is sensing the magnet correctly and going into holster profile exactly as it should.  It's your basic black, boring holster that you'll see on 10,000 traveling businessmen in any airport in America (me included).  If that fits your needs, can't go wrong with it.
I got this on the recommendation of a friend. After speaking with him while he was using this headset, which was crystal clear, I asked my buddy what kind of headset he was using. He told me this one. So I picked this up on Amazon.I used it with a Sprint Sanyo phone and the performance was terrible. I lived with it since I knew I was going to upgrade soon. I upgraded my phone to a iphone with AT&T;, it was even worse. Turns out my buddy was using a Samsung phone. We think that this works great coupled with a Samsung phone but it seems to dislike other brands. In the end, it ended up getting washed in a pair of my pants and didn't work any more. Good riddance!I picked up a Plantronics headset and have not looked back!
Very good device, Easy to use and set up, fit is comfortable, sound quality is very good, and stand by /talk time are great, I have had a few other bluetooth ear pieces that fit better but sound was poor, longer stand by and talk time, but I figuerd if I was on the phone that long I need to re think my life, when I first purchsed it because of it's size I thought I would loose it, year and a half later my dog chewed it, Great device for the money.
When I purchased the Jawbone bluetooth headset I was expecting good things.And though the headset is a little more cumbersome to put on than I'd prefer, and it's a little too "clunky" (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), the sound quality - both receiving and transmitting is terrific!  Even with a lot of noise going on (like when I'm on my motorcycle), the sound is incredibly sharp.Now, I see that they have a new version out, and if they'd like to send me one, I'd be more than happy to see what changes Aliph has made, but I'm very pleased with the one I have.
The over-the-ear piece is a not a good fit for my ears. Moreover, they are extremely fragile and prone to breaking. Within 5 minutes of getting the phone out of the box, I broke the ear piece just trying to get the headset over my ear. I put the headset in my piece and bent the second piece. The plastic piece covering the control buttons seemed very cheap also, and I think it would be a matter of time before that broke as well. I generally take good care of my headsets and electronic equipment, so if the headset seemed fragile to me, it probably will for most. Also, as a woman with a small head, the headset just felt clumsy and big. On the upside, the acoustics seemed decent, but then I only used the headset once and decided to return it.
The sound quality is really very good, far better than the Jawbone 2. I did have the ear insert plastic break, requiring glueing. The thing that I despise about this headset is the earloops and how easily they break. You can bend them maybe a dozen times before they fatigue. Aliph has been pretty good about sending out free loops, but I am on my third pair of free ones. I just broke a new one after a week, and I was super careful to not bend it! I am going to ditch this and try the Blueant, as I am sick of handling this bluetooth headset with kid gloves.
I've owned bluetooth devices by Scala, Motorola, and Plantronics.  The Jawbone is the first unit I've used in which no one has asked, "Are using a bluetooth?"  I think that, in and of itself speaks volumes.  The only drawback I've encountered is loss of pairity (if that's a word!).  It seems like about every couple of days it becomes unpaired.  Trying to reconnect doesn't work.  I have to remove the device from the phone and start all over again.  I'm not sure why this happens so frequently but I still believe the Jawbone is a superior bluetooth device.
I have found the Aliph Jawbone noise shield headset to be a pretty good unit.  It fits me pretty well, doesn't fall out, has good audio for hearing, and I have consistently gotten good audio reports from the people I talk to.A few nits.  The charger hookup unit is just plain wierd, and is counterintuitive to hook up.  Why do engineers feel compelled to make thousands of different charging standards for similar devices?  Also, while talking, you have to be careful if you adjust the unit on your ear--it is easy to accidentally hang up on someone.Overall, this is the first hands-free device that I have actually been able to tolerate and use.  I am satisfied, although the unit is a bit pricey.
I bought the original Jawbone headset in 2007.  It is still the best bluetooth headset for audio quality, on both ends.It is quite a bit bigger and heavier than the other two Jawbone headsets I own, the ICON and the ERA, which everyone complains that they can't hear me (although I hear them fine).  I bought the newer Jawbone because I like to listen to podcasts when not on a call and both supported A2DP and the ERA proported "hd audio quality".I also discovered that the earpieces from the ICON and ERA also fit the older Jawbone perfectly and I don't have to use that silly ear clip (which is uncomfortable after a while).  Much better.I think I will go back to this headset for a while - the voice quality is great, the noise cancelling is also great, I can hear perfectly and its built like a tank.  I may even buy another as a spare.
This is the best BT of the iPhone that I have found.  I have tried 6 different BT devices tis year and this is the best one s far.I wear the BT 8 to 10 hours a day without any discomfort.I have hearing loss from being routinely exposed to loud noise levels while in the US Army (The M-16 m4 makes a loud bang when fired), but I have no problem hearing with this device, even when diving with the windows down.The BT device comes with different pieces that attach around your ear (2 for the right ear and two for the left ear) and several different ear cushions that sit in your ear.  It fits so well, I forget that the jawbone is in my ear.The call quality is excellent according to my spouse.The reason for only four stars is the buttons, while only two, are hard to press.  Other than that small problem, this is a great BT headdest.
One thing about chargers these days is the build quality.  I've owned and thrown out so many that I've come to the realization that the cheap plastic $5.00 ones are the ones that break the quickest.  So I decided to spend a little more this time.  The Scosche is defintely built well, feels great too.  I've plugged in all my devices and all charge well.  I would buy again.Oh, i've purchased wiring harnesses from Scosche.  They sell good quality stuff.
I went to best buy to replace the one that broke and they wanted I think like $20 or more for just a single USB version...I decided to check amazon on my phone first and found this dual one way cheaper here. My old one lasted a few years and I'm sure this one will too. I think my old one died because i had it loose in a bag and i think one of the parts may have been hit by something too. It works great though if you're looking for one!
I must have read more than 30% of the reviews on Amazon about the product. Nonetheless I decided to ignore the iphone 4 users that complained about not working and thus relaying on the product description. Alas, that was an awful choice. After connecting it and displaying the charging symbol about 2 minutes later it warned me the device does not support charging. I tried 3 more times and every time it kept dropping so I decided to leave it as such, even worse the battery seemed to have turned hot. It does charge other usb devices but it failed to deliver the purpose of its purchase: charge my iPhone 4.
I've had this charger for over three years and it still works like a charm. Love that I can plug dual items into it while I am driving and it's great for long road trips when you need to plug in multiple things at one time. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking to charge ANYTHING that takes a USB port. Description says iphone 5, 5S, and 5C, but I've plugged in all sorts of things that have a USB charger and it works great.Worth the money!!
This is not one of those compact designer USB car charger things - but I like it and it does a good job. It feels nice - not like cheep plastic.It takes my iPhone 4S and my Jawbone Bluetooth device at the same time and charges them just as you would expect.The reviews on some of the compact designs did not fill me with confidence. I would prefer it to be smaller - but I would rather it was reliable.If the reliability changes I will update the review. So far so good.
This one does the job, and rapidly charges your devices.  I bought two of these for the same vehicle - one for the front seat riders and another for the backseat drivers.Why, you might ask?  Well, my wife and I often need to charge at the same time, and you can do this with the dual USB input functionality.  That takes care of the front seat.  The one for the back seat is for the kids - if you've ever had kids arguing over the one adapter plug for the back seat (if you have one available), go ahead and get this one and let them both charge at the same time.  Trust me, it will be money well spent and make your drives a little more enjoyable!
I've had the Scosche USB Charger for 6 months and I absolutely love it! It has worked for all the devices I plug into it thus far and it has been very reliable. I use it to charge my Garmin GPS, phone, Kindle, Pocket PC, and a other electronic gadgets.The build quality of the charger is excellent. It has a nice, slightly rubbery feel to it. It is beautifully designed and will make an attractive addition to your car. The green LED light indicates it's powered up, and unlike a lot of devices with LED's, it isn't distractingly bright.If you need a Dual USB Car Charger, the Scosche is a good bet.
Product looks solidly built. The plastic feels velvety smooth. The N85 doesn't charge on this but that's a Nokia issue, not USB device issue. The ipod touch 2nd Gen charges, tho. So it works.I thought it was going to be too high for my VW jetta since it sticks straight up but there's enough space there to stick whatever you want to charge.Product works! Mygearstore shipped it quickly. Not as fast as the Prime 2 day but it was fast enough.UPDATED Jan2012: After 2 years, the product just stopped working. Green light would flicker in/out. Threw it out.
We own several Palm Pre's and wanted to use this dual charger to power them up in our car. Unfortunately this device can't provide sufficient power to charge 2 at once. It can charge one Palm Pre at a time, but can't charge up 2 at a time.If you have cell phones, or devices that need 800-1,000ma each, this charger can't do it. Total power out seems to be about 800ma split between the two USB ports.Other than being weak in the power department, the unit appears to be well constructed, it does fit 2 USB cords comfortably, and has a charge indicator light so you know when its in use.
this is a great product for multiple devices in a vehicle that only has one port, i recommend it to anyone looking for extra ports in an older vehicle...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a cheap way of charging any device that will charge via a regular USB port. I have used it in my car for several months without a problem.  It did a fine job with my AT&T; Tilt phone and my iPod.Before you invest in this or any other standalone USB charger, you should make sure that your device will charge via USB cable alone.  Many phones (Motorola Razr is one) these days have what looks like a standard USB connection but require special software or adapters before they will charge.I got this for about $5 or $10 at Wal-Mart.  Great investment.
I purchased one about 5 months ago and I love it!  I have only had one time where I had to take it off and use the handset because someone couldnt hear me, but I think the battery was running low.My husband complains a little that he can hear all the background noise in my car while I am driving with this headset, but if my voice is clear and if I can hear clearly, I sure dont mind!A girl in my office has one, and loves it - she drives all the time for work.  I just bought one for my husband and he sound great on it!Highly recommended!
You are left eared. The 90 degree turn to fit the ear bud turns the wrogn way so it pops off too easily. The sound form this device is decent, but not worth the price for all the hassel of putting this on my ear and taking it off again. Also the earbud kept falling off when not in use. Poor design. I purchased this because it had so many good reviews, which is why I'm writting this one.Great sound if you can keep it on your ear and keep it from falling apart on you. So for me it was a total waste of my money.
This headset works pretty well with good noise canceling, but it won't stay attached to my ear so the part that rests on my face loses contact.  At most it will stay on my head for 10 minutes. I find myself repeatedly twisting the thing back into place.  The second one I got (the first was missing parts) came apart when I tried to unplug it from the charging cable. Jawbone does not seem to offer any other buds (not even spares) so I just ordered some Acoustibuds in the hope that I can actually use it. If they don't work I will try a hack I saw with a Jabra eargels product - that involves cutting up the supplied earbuds and gluing the eargels to the locking piece. I will update this review once I get it to work (or not)
Beware that there are two different products shown in the Amazon product pictures as of 8/19/2013. I purchased and review only the round one with corner and bottom openings. From my experience, China-origin venders of this kind of products often ship very different items from what are shown in Amazon product pages.Prior to this, I had tried 3 similar holsters which died in a few weeks to months. But his product has been lasting very long with trusted reliability.Now after 3-1/2 years, though my iPhone has been upgraded from 3GS to 4S, I am still happy with the holster and I went abroad with them several times with confidence. But aging is an inevitable process and the holster now looks very worn. I plan to buy an exact replacement if I can find a trustful vender.
This is a very well constructed leather carrying case for the iPhone.  You can attach this to your belt and have the headset plugged in at the same time.  The case is tight, well designed and protects the iPhone while in the case.  The case is very tight at first, because it is leather, but will stretch slightly.  You cannot fit anything other than an iPhone (meaning no extra protective sleeve) in the case.Only complaint I have is that the iPhone has to be placed in a specific direction in order for the headphone jack to be useable.  I wish it was constructed so that the jack could be used no matter which way the iPhone was placed.
I love the DLO case, it fits my iphone perfectly and is very convienent to use, but as I read in other reviews (which I ignored), the Belt Clip does indeed go bad after about 6 months.  It tears away from the leather backing and then the phone can just drop off your waist. Because of the really good padding on this case you may not even know that it dropped and some lucky person walking behind you will get a free Iphone.I am on my Second DLO case so this is not some unlucky fluke, there is a defect in the way the Belt clip is bonded to the leather case and believe me when it starts to rip away its only a matter of days before the phone and leather case fall away from the clip.
My old charger didn't do anything for my Evo 4G - after 40 minutes of driving, the battery was maybe 1-2% higher.  This new charger (rated 950mA instead of 500) actually charges the monster Evo 4G - Even using GPS w/ Google Maps navigation and talking, the battery was fully charged at the end of that same 40 minute commute.The cable is a decent length too, and pretty flexible.Had to take off 1 star because the blue motorola "M" is waaayyyy tooooo bright at night, especially when all the other lights in my vehicle are orange/amber.  Nothing that a little black duct tape couldn't fix though...
Charges my phone quickly enough.  There's a convenient little clip that's hard to see in the photos, but which keeps the coiled portion together so the cable isn't flopping around all over.  It also gives a bit of peace of mind to know it's a Motorola branded charger that's less likely to overcharge/fry my phone.  One small, minor issue is that the light plug end occasionally pops out of its own volition after a warm/cold weather swing, but the blue light is bright enough so you notice when it goes out.
After reading all of the reviews, most of the other cases seemed a lot sketchier to me (reviews were very mixed).  I figured it was worth the extra few dollars to get a great one that I knew would work well (this was getting great reviews).  I didn't want to have to deal with trying to return a cheap $3 charger to some random company and risk that it would put my Droid on the fritz.  The extra few bucks was great for peace of mind.  It works perfectly and charges pretty fast.  No issues and love it!
I bought this adapter because my HTC Rezound is a power hog, and my other cigarette adapter chargers couldn't charge my phone fast enough.  This charger pumps out the power, more than enough to keep my phone fully charged no matter how many things I'm doing at the time.  I can have it docked and displaying GPS information with the screen at full intensity while on a phonecall using my bluetooth headset, and this charger does the job.pros:  Powers the most amp-hungry devices without a hiccup.  Solid construction, thick cable.cons:  The adapter end is quite large.  The end glows bright neon blue when plugged in, which can be rather distracting at night in a darkened vehicle.
I originally purchased one of these a couple of years back when I got a new cell phone and needed a car adapter that was brand specific and a little bit more attractive than the ones in line at the grocery store ;) I was amazed at how much better it was than all of my other micro-usb adapters/chargers. It definitely charges more quickly than most generic chargers ever will, the light, while obvious, is not distracting like some have suggested, and the thing lasts 10 times longer than any other charger I've used. I purchased this one for a friend who needed a car charger...and I've purchased more than 8 so far and currently have been running the same two in my personal car with ZERO issue for over 4 years.It's cheaper than ANY charger you'd buy at your wireless store and only barely more expensive than the cheap generic chargers you can find (that often are loose in the socket or the phone) and I'm glad I made the switch
I've had this charger for over a year, it gets very light use and it stopped working. What happens is the microUSB connector doesn't make good contact and we have to wiggle and finagle the cable to get it to work and even then it only works for a few seconds, until you hit a bump and the cable vibrates and loses its connection. I've had the same issue with mini usb to micro usb adapters from Motorola - bought half a dozen of them and none of them work reliably. I won't buy a motorolla micro usb connector again. The media bridge cables are the best, they feel like they click in when you connect them, very solid. Motorola? Not so much.
Used this in my car.  While it was working, it was great.  Nice big blue light to let you know it's plugged in.  Some of the other chargers have tiny lights that are only visible from one side.  this big transparent power indicator light can be seen from both sides.The design of the charger is great.  It's just WAY too fragile.  The plug had issues 5 weeks after I got it, so now I'm looking for another one (but obviously, not a Motorola).I'm disappointed, I thought a Motorola product would last longer.
After reading the various reviews, I got this car charger for my Samsung Galaxy S phone and it charges wonderfully.  I also tried this on the Samsung Galaxy S II as well and it charges well too.  None of my devices got hot after charging.  The charger is also built well and will last a long time in normal use of connecting and disconnecting.  Having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled.  Pay attention to the current draw on your device.  This charger, if used with an adapter, could charge an iPhone or iPod; however, it will not charge an iPad/iPad2.You can't beat it for the price!
I purchased the Motorola P513 Vehicle Power Adpater to replace the original Verizon car micro/USB charger that I purchased with my Motorola Droid and Palm Pre.  I have no use for the regular USB slot that is on the top of adapter and pretty much thought the thing was bulky and an eye sore.  This power micro adapter is slimmer, lightweight and the cord is just the perfect length.  The soft blue glowing "M" is pretty neat too.Call me silly, but I was worried that the center blue light would be made out of glass and was concerned if the sun hit it, it might start a fire.  I was happy to find out that it is made of a lightweight beveled plastic instead.Besides using it to charge my cell phones, I can also use it to charge my GPS system and bluetooth headset also requires a micro USB.Great buy under $10 dollars - highly recommended!
I bought this charger for my Droid X, and it works just fine. I've been using this charger regularly for over 6 months with absolutely no problems. The cord is just long enough that I can talk on the phone while in the driver seat with the phone plugged into the adapter. Some people might find it more comfortable to find one with a longer cord, but good luck finding one for such a good price. The light on this charger is very very bright blue, which I find kind of hurts my eyes when I'm driving in the dark, but that's not a big deal to me.
I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, and I have a total of 4 chargers (including the wall charger that came with the Galaxy S3). This is by far the best car charger I have ever owned. Two reasons: (1) It charges seemingly as fast a the factory wall charger from Samsung; and (2) it is very well built. It is light, but you can tell by the feel its quality. The performance is excellent. Additionally, the cord is long enough to actually use the phone while it charges in the car.The fact that I spent less than $7 for this seems incredible. This charger works better than the Samsung (OEM) car charger that I own and paid over $20 for.
This seems to be a great charger - when it works. It seems to work fine with my wife's Tracfone - a Motorola EX124G but would not charge my Tracfone - an LG 500G... so I'm reducing the rating by one star. I suspect the blame may lie more on the LG phone side, but I am still disappointed that I need another charger to charge my LG phone.By the way, I highly recommended buying from a reputable retailer to make sure you get the real thing. I bought mine from Amazon.
This is a great charger for almost any phone.  I purchased it for my wife's Samsung S3, but permanently borrowed it for my car after my failed purchase with the Samsung Official OEM Car Charger for your Galaxy S2 Phone.  See my review on the Samsung OEM charger for more details.The charger quickly powers your phone and looks good while doing it.  Motorola gave it a sleek design that lights up blue when the charger is ready.  The cord is long enough for mid size or smaller vehicles to keep it plugged in while using the Navigation app on your phone.  If you have a Samsung Galaxy S2 or S3 and need a back up or replacement car charger, I highly recommend this purchase.
I have no idea if this is a real Motorola product or a great copy.  Either way, it is incredibly well made and works.  I refused to pay the rip off prices at my local cellphone shop, and the pices at Walmart and Target weren't much better.For less than $5 I got a well made item that works very well.  I'm not sure yet how rapid of a charger it really is, but it works.  That's all I care about.I highly recommend this item.
Not much to say other than since this is a genuine name-brand high quality charger, you aren't apt to fry your device or slowly destroy the innards with a low-grade poorly regulated charger.  This one charges about as quickly as I've seen a car charger do its job, has a very nice decently long cord, seems well constructed, and doesn't leave me worrying about how much shorter the life expectancy of my phone is going to be if it doesn't get fried in the meantime.  I do expect that this is going to outlast the junk I've purchased in the past for $2-3.  Surprisingly, this isn't that much more expensive than those, so there is no reason to skimp on that $1-2.
Bought this car charger through amazon it works great and looks stylish, when plugged in the middle lights up with a blue motorola symbol, when off it is see through.  I wanted a motorola charger since I had just purchased the new motorola droid X2 and verizon sells an off brand for 29.99 so this was great for a few dollars and motorola branded.  Was skeptical cause of price, but since amazon selling I felt more confident with purchase, glad I did!  Saved 25 dollars from verizon cost and it looks good lit up at night, reccomend highly!  By the way this is compatible with droid x1 or x2 and probally others but the x's for sure.
I used the charger on one long trip and I can finally give it a review. Lets get right to it. On the trip I had 4g on, GPS on, Power Amp music player open and Carhome app opened. In the first half of the trip I noticed that the phone wasn't charging but it wasn't losing any juice either. It was just enough power to maintain how much battery was in there when I started the trip. With the carhome app the screen doesn't turn off unless you do it yourself. So I turned the screen off and when I got to my destination the battery went from 60 to 85% full in about an hour or so. The first half of the trip I wasn't happy at all with it because I thought it wasn't powerful enough to charge my phone. But after keeping the screen off and only turning it on to switch the song it really helped.
I haven't used a vehicle charger for cell phones in years.  Two reasons mainly.  I rarely drive, I'm usually riding the motorcycle wherever I go.  And two, the batteries last so long that I never saw the need to spend $25 + for the few times I do drive.  Just have a full charge, and I was good to go.But, with the droidx, once you start using the smart phone features, like the GPS (which I use when I leave my regular GPS at home), the battery goes down faster than just used as a phone.And, with the price ($4.71, though it's now $3.15), I figured why not?  I don't use it much, because, like I said, I don't drive that often.  But when I do, the charger is with me.An excellent deal, and I'm very pleased with it.
This car charger I use for ALL my devices with MICRO USB Charger ports. The charger lights up when the phone is charging and I have found to be genuine Motorola OEM of the highest quality. And it seems to charge much faster than my old generic micro car charger did. In fact, it charged my phone from 65% to 100% while I used it on a trip in just over one hour. I was using the phone while I was charging so this to me is great! So pleased that I threw my cheapie generic car charger away and just use this genuine OEM Motorola one.
My original review was "best mobile charger I've owned".  I even bought one for my girlfriend after she saw mine.  Now, in less than 3 months, both are failing.  It starts with a poor connection at the phone where you have to wiggle it or place it in a certain position to charge and devolves into not being able to charge at all.  Mine is a complete loss and hers is on the way out.  If I just had one and it failed I wouldn't give such a poor rating, but both failing together lets you know there is an inherent flaw in the design.  I've very disappointed because it was an excellent charger during the brief time it worked.
I absolutely loved this product so much that I am now buying them as gifts for everyone I know.  For anyone who is a heavy user of juice, this thing rocks!  It works better than all of the others I have used.  It is a must for business travelers!! For the price, buy three!Update 10/12I ended up pinching the USB input so I had to buy a new one.  I bought two more.  The sign of a good product is whether you would buy it again.  In this case, absolutely!!
I have bought a few cheaper ones in the past, and they never last very long.  Cheaper ones have wiring that doesn't hold very well (shorts out very easily), or the tips that  plug into your phone or bluethooth headset,  wear out because of the thiner metal tips (they bend and wont hold snugly).THIS IS A GENUINE MOTOROLA CHARGER.YOUR PAYING A LITTLE MORE,  BUT YOUR GETTING QUALITY!I bought this as a replacement for another purchased just like it, only because their is a blue "M" that lights up when plugged in attracted a thief and my car was left unlocked.  If you car outlet gives you power even if the car is turned off, unplug yours and lock your doors.THIS IS A GREAT CAR CHARGER FOR ANYTHING THAT HAS A MICRO USB PLUG.
With a new Mtorola Razr Maxx in my Verizon shopping cart, I was put off by the high prices for chargers and charger "bundles" so over to Amazon I came.Found this one here and have had no problems at all with it. The 12v plug fits snugly, the mini-usb fits the phone just right and that cool blue circle just looks great when running in the car.What can I say, the packaging looks pretty authentic for an OEM part, but my field is not in copyright infringement, so what do I know? :-)I really didn't expect to be impressed by the way a car charger looks, but it's really a nice piece of design work and the round piece at the end gives you something to grasp when removing it from the socket. And what a price! I would advise you to go for it.
My husband & I were sharing one car charger between two cars.  This plan was not working out so well.I bought this because I have a Motorola phone and wanted to make sure it would be compatible. In reality...I just wanted the glowing blue circle.The charger does work quickly!  I've had no problems charging my Atrix HD. It is a micro USB charger so it also fits my husband's Samsung Galaxy3, my son's Nokia Lumia, and I've used it to charge the Kindle Fire.Works fast. Looks good.  Excellent buy.  I've had it since early August and there have been no issues.  I do keep it in my vehicle and it doesn't get moved around or handled very much. I'm not sure if that makes a difference but wanted to note it now in case there are problems in the future.  It is used at least 5 days per week.
I bought this item to replace that generic Car charger that verizon sells to you as part of a bundle. Their bulky model is supposedly good for ALL micro usb phones yet it doesn't really secure in the slot very well.After receiving this Motorola adapter, not only does it seem to fit more securely for my phone. it even has a more illuminating status indicator to tell you if its charging/working or not. And given that my phone is a droid Motorola razr, you can literally feel how secure it is when charging vs the flimsy plastic junk verizon sells you.This item is well worth it for the price and purpose.
The only reason I rated it with 4 and not 5 stars is because I ordered one and had to get it replaced because it wasn't working within a couple weeks. However, the most recent one, I've had for months and it's still going strong.  Charges much faster than the other chargers I've ordered over the years.  That circle shines a bright blue light, which is kind of neat, but a little distracting in the car at night.  But over all, quite good.
Not much to say about this product except that it works exactly as it's supposed to. I have an HTC Inspire 4G and it works great with it, as it should with any Micro-USB device. The blue glowing Motorola logo is neat looking, but also makes the product bigger than needed...not a downside just figured I should mention it. I would reccomend it as a vehicle charger for anyone with a micro-usb device, especially someone with a smart phone since their battery life usually is not so great.
I saw reviews for this product saying it wasn't Motorola etc. but mine definitely was. Yes it came in bulk packaging but it had all the paperwork and warranty information. I guess those users must have ordered from a different vendor. It is engraved along the front with "Motorola" and has the M on the round part.As for functionality, I've noticed that this charges my HTC Incredible 2 very fast in my car and the blue light matches the accents in my Mazda6! Love this little guy and it's a great price!
I only used this a handful of times before the connector wasn't making a strong connection to the phone any longer.  When that happens, my phone will charge only if I hold the cable to the phone and everything is aligned perfectly.  Otherwise, as the car hits bumps, it might charge for a minute and then not charge for a minute.  And yes, it's the cable and not the phone.  This is one of the problems with buying an integrated charger/cable unit... when the cable connector goes bad, the charger becomes useless.  And it does appear to be a genuine Motorola product.
Motorola P513 Car ChargerThe P513 is a micro-USB car charger that works on the Droid, Droid2, and DroidX. I can't figure out a way to change the inline fuse (if there is one), but it is cheap enough to be used as a disposable car charger. The blue LED-lit Motorola logo is a nice touch, as well as the wire tether that is included.Pros: Gets the job done at a great price, looks greatCons: Doesn't appear to be an easy way to change the fuse (if any) - but it is not a big dealOverall: 5/5 stars
I would be quite content with summary like that...This thing has a few months of track record by now. I am happy, in the dark it makes finding the cord really easy because of that big blue illuminated eye... I have had so many crappy chargers I bought 2 different ones at the same time in case it dies prematurely, have not even tried the other one yet. It also fits snugly in the phone socket, and the backside of the plug is labelled with a shiny sticker, so you are not trying to force it the wrong way, eventually killing one or both of them... Little thing like that... need to appreciate the thought - because every day it makes your life easier...
Even when trying to be careful with the battery on my HTC Rezound (custom ROM, custom kernel, CPU governors), it can drain faster than I'd like when I'm using 4g and on the phone often.  I had a generic microUSB charger from Verizon, but it would only charge as "USB" and not provide enough power to overcome the amount of battery power being used (like phone, navigation, and data at the same time).This was cheap enough to take a risk on and I'm glad I did!  It is recognized as an "AC" charger and charges the phone even while multi-tasking.I like the coiled cord as well (I'm also using a 90 degree adapter to make it easier to plug into the phone).
I bought this for under 5 bucks on amazon - reason is that I can keep a freshly charged battery inside my center console on my suv (which has a switched power outlet) and at any time I need it pull out a hot battery for my droid bionic.  Smartphones use batteries like mad compared to the phones of yesteryear, and this charger will do both my 10.2 wh battery and my 6 wh slim batteries.  But it needs power - and in the car, the motorola logo in blue shows me the confidence that it's not some knockoff power adapter - it's the real thing driving my charger.For the $1 I'd save with a knock off I'm tired of getting junk that dies in a month - especially in a hot car all summer locked in the center console.  I'm going with tried and true motorola on this one.
I needed a 5 Volt DC power supply that could be powered from a 12 Volt battery or other 12 V DC power source. This fit the bill nicely and inexpensively. Clipped the connector off and used my own connector and off to the races it went. My DVM measured 4.99 V loaded at 600 mA and 5.01 Volts unloaded so I am pleased as punch. Plus the temperature rise is only a few degrees indicating good efficiency. Interesting packaging with the Motorola logo lit with a blue led. Might mention the two leads inside the insulated wire (one red, other black) are stranded wire of about 20 guage so I can see how flexing the cable at the connector when attached to a device in an auto might cause an intermittent break. A little duct tape or heat shrink tubing at the connector might not look pretty but should keep the wire from stressing.
This is a great charger with a bit longer cord which I really like! I bought one of the just wireless car chargers from Walmart for about $10 and thought I was getting a steal. I plugged it in and it made my phone reboot! Probably from a short, but never the less, I bought this charger and it works like a gem! My only complaint is that it does stick out pretty far (unnecessarily far) but for $3.xx I can't complain. Also, I think it charges my phone quicker than the just wireless one (when my phone wasn't rebooting). :) Get it!
I have a Samsung galaxy 2 Skyrocket and was looking for a rapid charger since the one I had quit working. I knew this was the same micro-USB power Adapter as my Samsung, but everytime I plug this in my phone it seems to open up the accuweather app and plus I have my digital clock on my lock screen set to display on top and it puts it on the bottom of my lock screen. In order to put it back on top I have to turn off the phone and thats what this charger doesn't do. It automatically reboots it instead of turning it off completely. I know that's not a bad thing but I like it to turn off completely. The only cool thing is the blue Motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it's on. Gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when I find it. I'm assuming that the electronics in this charger is geared toward Motorola only.
I bought this charger not for a Motorola but for a Dell Venue Pro (just another micro usb device) and it works perfectly, charges when in use, etc...The charger lights up blue when plugged in which I kinda like, if that sort of thing bugs you then don't get this charger, although the price is great and it does what it claims to. Definitely recommend.In addition to the Dell Venue Pro I can confirm that this charges the Lumia 900, Lumia 520, Lumia 928, and my current Lumia 1020. I'm still using this charger several years later. It works very well!
Bought the charger for my Atrix 2 phone.  Tried my other chargers and they didn't put out enough power to actually charge the phone.  They would maintain my phone battery.  This charger will charge my battery from about 20% while I'm using it (moderate use) in about 3 hours.  The charger is well-built.  The cable is not thick, but it isn't cheaply constructed.  I suspect that it will give me about a year or a little more of heavy use.  The charger is neatly styled.  If you have a tight area to put a charger in, this may not work.  The rounded end is a little large.  Overall, though, it shouldn't give much problems.  Great charger.
The Motorola micro-USB Rapid Rate charger is ideal for recharging the Motorola Droid line of Android devices that seemingly are always in need of recharging, especially the Droid 4 with it's unremovable battery.  Since so many cell phone manufacturers (15 at last count) have made the micro-USB connector their gold-standard for cell phones into the foreseeable future, you can't go wrong to have a spare charger available. When we aren't using the charger for one of our cells, undoubtedly whomever is with us is usually charging their cell or android device.I learned to stick with Motorola the hard way - I bought an off-brand charger that wouldn't charge my Droid 4! It became apparent the other charger wasn't supplying enough power.  I am lucky I didn't have the opposite problem, the off-brand charger could have fried my phone!
This car charger is authentic. I checked/inspected it and did not find anything wrong with it. For less than $10, this is a steal. It works with my Motorola Atrix.The charger has a blue, dim blue light that will remain on, as long as it is being used. The cord is pretty standard, nothing to add about is durability, if you've seen others, this is not different. Except, this charger is very fast.This should work with any cell phone that has a Micro-USB connection.
I have heard many fake copies of this charger.  To be safe, just order it off Amazon's own online store unless you know the other providers are reputable.The quality of this car charger is quite nice.  The twisted cable is a nice feature since it can be extended and will not dangle wildly in your car when it is in motion.  I also had another micro usb charger and it used to take forever for it to charger your phone.  The only thing I liked about my previous car charger is that you were able to connect a usb cable into the usb ports it provided but the time it took to charge your phone was not adequate for me.
I purchased this item a little over a year ago.  The price point is great for a branded vehicle charger.  The styling is interesting and futuristic.  It did seem to charge faster than other auto chargers I have used.  One minor issue is that the blue lighting produced by the charger is somewhat distracting while driving at night. It is bright and can produce glare in the driver's peripheral vision.  This is easily solved by either placing tape over the light source, or just turning it sideways.  The charger worked great hooked up to my Droid X auto mount for over a year, but recently started working only part of the time and needs to be jiggled to get it to work.  You hope when you buy name brand over generic that you're going to get a little better build quality, but at this price I'm just viewing it as a "lease" and just purchased a replacement.  I'll try to treat the new one a little more delicately.
I don't understand the bad reviews it's 6$ can't really complain if it last a few months or years. I own 4 now to be in multiple cars and so I can charge more then once device at a time. I am very happy with the price and product. Don't know why this product is so good and beats what you would pay 5 times more for at the store. Just shows how much we as a cosumer get ripped off. Alwasy buyer beware esspecially online. So I at least make sure it is shipped from and sold from Amazon Only so IF there is a problem it's easy to return or exchange.
I bought this charger to replace my AT&T; charger that simply couldn't provide enough juice to my SGS3 on long trips where I used the GPS feature. This charger is significantly faster, at least twice as powerful. This was an expected result as I have always had excellent experiences using Motorola's chargers.I took one star off because the LED is just way too bright out of the box for driving at night. Fortunately, they allowed the "M" circular window to be easily removed by popping out the bottom ring (look for a screwdriver indent). After removing the window, the LED is easily accessed, so I applied some white-out to the LED, which successfully lowered the light output to a tolerable level.The cord and connector seem to be high quality. The cord comes with a small hook to keep unwanted extra cord out of the way - a nice added touch.Very pleased with this charger so far overall. I have owned plenty of terrible microusb chargers and this one gets the job done right.
This is no ordinary charger, it supplies LOTS of power. Most chargers really do cheap out on the amperage.  This feeds my power-hungry HTC Thunderbolt beautifully.I tried doing all of the power-hungry stuff you can do, simultaneously: GPS, 4G, and access point on and maxed out by a connected computer. Even after all of this, it still managed to charge after a long time. The phone got plenty hot.The first one I got only worked for a day.  Got a completely free one shipping paid for both ways.
This charger is decent. It works, which is what's important. But some of the features are fairly annoying, which most people can accept, given the low price of the unit, and the convenience of a coiled wire.First off, the unit is large. the plug head is massive, and unsightly. It's basically sticking an advertisement for Motorola into your car, who wants that?Second, the price you pay, you can easily afford a dual-usb socket, which while meaning you'd have to provide your own USB cables, means you can charge two items at once, and it's not in your way as those sockets are relatively tiny.Third, the item emits a blue light, that illuminates the center plastic piece. This is unnecessary to me, and is actually an eyesore, as the blue can be distracting while you drive at night.
This is by far the best charger I can find for a car. It's durable and has high output. The only beef I have is that obscene Motorola logo. It's pretty but bright as hell on night driving. They could have just tinted the plastic or used a dimmer led. I took both of mine apart and used black nail polish on the bulb. The light is so bright that now it still shows as an almost ultraviolet glow. Its much more bearable but you shouldn't have to alter a product out of the box. Otherwise I've been very please with this product.
I bought two of these to charge my htc sensation. I have used both stock and aftermarket chargers. I got these because my old one broke at the micro-usb end. This has been really durable, especially at the micro usb end, where these chargers usually tend to fail. The added bonus to this one is that it charges the phone a lot faster than standard chargers. I find that a 1900 mAh battery charges from 0-100% in about an hour and a half. Most of my old/other chargers take a little over two hours. On a daily basis I find that it charges from 50% in about 35-45 mins.
I made sure this was a real Motorola (has all proper connections and holographs on stickers) product. It's universal - have used this for Samsung Galaxy, LG Optimus L9, Motorola Bluetooth and Samsung Bluetooth - all charged very fast; I believe there is something installed to keep batteries from overcharging (read full description of this item).  I'm very happy with this - sometimes I feel like just charging my phones and accessories in the car instead of in the house now. There are many fake imitations of this made in China that will burn up your battery or otherwise ruin something-  I found people's Amazon Reviews most helpful in describing what you should look for to make sure of authenticity (photos included w/some Reviews).
I purchased this item from Amazon (not a 3rd party) and was surprised to get a full retail package.The plug design looks very cool, in my humble opinion. However, the Motorola logo makes the plug needlessly long. If you don't have much clearance where you're going to plug this in, you might want to consider a different brand.Also, the Motorola logo glows blue whether it's connected to a phone or not. If your car doesn't automatically cut power to your outlet when you turn off your car, you could attract thieves.Other than those minor issues (luckily, neither of which impact me), this cord is great. The design is fresh, and the entire thing is built with the quality you'd expect from a company like Motorola. I'm using it to charge myNokia N900, and it works flawlessly. On a 45 minute commute, I can go from >25% charge to 100% with Bluetooth enabled.
Item is "as described" as of 12/2010. No where does it say it is bulk packaging or retail packaging. Item arrived in 3 days in bulk packaging exactly like j. raftery's picture. Having owned this exact item 3 years ago, I am led to believe this is a genuine motorola item. Markings, feel, quality of coil cord, and genuine motorola accessory hologram sticker on tip of plug seem to be like my old one. Great price (around $5) and it works (HTC Incredible). I would recommend this item.
Okay so it works like any other charger, it still take the same amount of time to charge it has a cool look I was expecting more but hey how much more can you get out of a car charger. It took a some time to get to me plus it was not good on updating me on the tracking. So those are my negatives here are my positives..... I did get the product within the time adviced, it will charge up my phone and it has a cool blue look. Thats all I can give ya. Will still continue business with this company but will make sure to investigate comments before buying.
PROS:--Plugs into your phone (my Galaxy Note 2) very securely. The metal tip of the plug is longer and thinner than most plugs, allowing the plug to reach all the way into charging port, even if you have a protective cover on your phone.--Plug does not fall out of phone, even when phone is sitting in a vertical docking station, and the roads are bumpy. This is great.  It snaps in with confidence.--Long cord so you can talk while charging.--Has cord hook so you can make it half as long when not using.--Big, visable blue light to ensure it's plugged in to lighter. Light is pleasantly subtle.--Truly from Motorola.  Not some fake "Motorola"CONS:It doesn't taste all that good.
Well designed.  High power (1.0 Amp) so it can recharge your phone more quickly. Fits my car's cigarette lighter plug snugly and stays in.  The bright blue light is a bit much, but I'm getting used to it.  Cord could be longer.  Fits any phone that needs a micro-USB charger cable.  High quality construction.  Buy this -- you won't regret it.Warning: some phones, like the Galaxy S3, won't charge well if the supplied amperage is not at least 1.0 Amps.  Often, the amperage is not specified in the listings -- buyer beware.
This is a great fast charger by Motorola. It's increasingly trickier to determine if something sold on Amazon or elsewhere is genuine product or not. "OEM" isn't sufficient anymore and most of the non brand name stuff is junk. Be sure to buy "by Motorola" (or whatever your brand is - but Motorola will work for most) and these are now half a ten spot on Amazon and lots more in the store.My one complaint, and reason for dinging a star, is that the cord is way too short for use in most vehicles. It's fine for a non smart phone sitting in the console or a cup holder - but it's far too short for smart phone use with the phone positioned on or near the dashboard. I've been unable to find a micro-micro usb extension so I may switch to an power adapter with a socket and just use a long regular usb cable.
I have a Galaxy Nexus, and my wife has a Samsung Droid Charge phone and we use this as our charger of choice in both of our cars.  I've bought several different type of generic knock off chargers in the past.  Some that did work, but broke easily, and some that were so poorly made that they wouldn't charge my phone at all.  This Motorola made charger does a great job of charging my phone.  Even if I am streaming music via Bluetooth to my car and using my phone as a GPS, the charger is still able to overcome the power drain and keep the battery charging.  If I had to make one nitpick its the bright blue logo that is lit up while its plugged in.  Its not overpoweringly bright, but its unnecessary in my opinion.  Despite this, I still think this is the best value for a cell phone charger out there.  Highly recommended!
I'm amazed on how fast this would charge my phone. I thought it was a gimmick on the rapid charge but its not. I can leave my girl's house at 15% battery by the time I'm home it has 80% charge. We live about 35 miles apart. ***Update when I bought this I was using it for my old Motorola Photon 4G phone now I own a Samsung Galaxy S3 it's rapid charge not effective as it was with the Photon but it still does the job. I still like the feature of the blue light that glows once you plug it in to the 9V lighter port. Would be nice to have an indicator to show full charge/charging mode. Hopefully it'll be a nice addition to newer chargers.
I searched and searched for an affordable car charger for my new Samsung Galaxy S3 and then I stumbled on this one. I read the reviews to see if anyone tried it with an S3 and I saw quite a few positive reviews. I bought it for less than $5 and gave it a try. It worked great and charged my phone pretty quickly, even while using GPS and streaming music. I think that this device puts out about 950 mah, which is adequate for most phones. One of the reasons it works so well is because my phone detects it as an AC charger allowing for a better and faster charge. Plus, this device looks nice and lights up blue when plugged in. I would definitely recommend it. I actually just bought a second one because I like it so much.
I am using this vehicle charger in a work provided Astro van. I purchased this after my upgrade to a Samsung Galaxy SII. I originally bought cheap cig lighter to USB adapters, but one of them popped a fuse on the Astro. I threw it away and bought this higher quality device. When it is receiving power from the car the round end where the cable attaches to glows a soft blue color. The cord has a built in simple management system. the two ends of coiled area snap together. It bundles the cord a little and helps to keep it out of the way, not by a lot, but a little, and every little bit helps in a car. The power output is lower than wall charger provided by Samsung, but adequate. After the cheap adapter blew a fuse, I decided not to put something in the work van that could damage the van further and I believe this is a quality product.
I've had a lot of trouble finding a charger that will do anything but hold the battery steady on my AT&T; Captivate (a Samsung Galaxy S phone) while being used for GPS and with the screen on.. and finally, this one does it. It also does not present itself as a real USB device (many chargers show up as a "connected computer"), which is great.Only downside for me is the fixed cord (can't substitute cords for other devices), but for the cost of this, it's well worth one per car.
This is only a 1 amp charger, and does work very well.  And you know, it looks cool with the light up Motorola logo.....really cool.But be forewarned, it will NOT fast charge a Galaxy Note 2......it will charge faster than a standard USB charge........but not as fast as a 2 amp charger.  And if you are using your Note 2 as a GPS, it will barely maintain the current charge.  If used normally, it will charge, but just not real fast.
I bought this originally for my Sprint Evo 3D.  It does exactly what it should, and feels like a quality product.  I originally bought an el cheapo cigarette lighter charger online, and it fell apart after 5 months of light use.  This one feels much more sturdy than any I have ever owned.  Also, at night, gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part.  It's not really bright, so it won't affect your driving/blind you at night.  The cable is very long, so you don't have to worry about it being too short.  Great product.  I recently purchased the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S3 and it works perfectly with it.
I use this in my vehicle almost every day and it is a fine charger.It is very stylish as it has a Moto logo with a backlight that turns on when you connect it, people always ask about it when they see it and they like it.I use it to charge my good old Atrix 4G and it has a small problem. If you connect it when your battery is under 15% the low batt warning on the phone starts going crazy and you will see as if the charger is connected and disconnected many times. It is annoying but the phone charges anyway so i live with it.I am not sure if this is a phone or charger problem.
I bought this for my Samsung Epic 4G (the 1st gen Galaxy S, not the new Epic 4G Touch) since the genuine Sprint charger I bought would not charge properly. It feels nice and sturdy and I have it plugged into a socket hidden inside my center console so the light doesn't bother me. It works great charging my Epic 4G. If it goes low enough again I might buy a spare.Update 1-2-2012:After 5 months of nearly daily usage in my car I'm happy to stay it's still running great. I bought a spare which I keep in my trunk for the day this one eventually dies, but since that hasn't happened I'm very happy and will definitely stick with this model for as long as I have micro-usb phones.Update 5-14-2012:Still working great! I haven't had any problems that I can remember.
It doesn't charge very much at all while running Google Navigation on my Galaxy S3. It will keep up, and charge about 4% an hour.  I have a cheapo Luxmo charger that charges 10% an hour while running Navigation.  But, this charger is only rated 950mah and does work so it stays in my wife's car.I did receive what appears to be a genuine Motorola product, otherwise I would give it 3 stars.  I don't think this thing is really 950mah. I have a 500mah Blackberry charger and it works the same as this one.  Find the cheap Luxmo 1 amp charger.  It really is 1 amp.
I needed a new car charger and for $5 and free shipping, why not try it. Very sleek charger. I've seen chargers that cost 3 times as much not looks this nice. I love the blue light that illuminates when it's plugged in. It takes the guesswork out for me, so I KNOW without a doubt my phone is charging. The length of the charger is more than sufficient. It fits all phones with micro SD connections.As I stated in my review title "Buy it, you won't regret it!"
I'm disappointed as the title said "rapid" charger and its definitely not that. I use my Samsung Galaxy S III in the car for navigation (duh). I was hoping keeping it plugged to this charger will, at the very least, MAINTAIN the level of charge that I had when I got into the car, even if not charge it up fully as I drive. No such luck. My charge kept going down. I had to switch the screen off so the charger could charge the phone up  a bit so it wouldn't go completely dead.
My one apprehension with this charger was its size. It looked large in pictures, but the backlit clear window with the "M" logo looks so good, I don't mind the size. Best of all is that the charger provides nearly a full amp (measured >950mA on several occasions) of charge. Very fast charger at a great price!Update: MicroUSB port wore out after almost two years. I can jiggle it around and get it to charge every now and then, but for the most part it is finished.
I originally bought this for a Motorola phone, and when I upgraded to a Samsung, I decided to continue using it since the connector was the same. It worked perfectly. I've upgraded again, and it continues to work. It is a rapid charger, and I find that it does charge my phone more quickly than a regular charger. It has a sleek style, and I like the "blue light" that glows when the charger is powered. I've bought these for my wife and two sons (and none of us have a Motorola phone). But what I love most, is the PRICE (under $6 as of this review)!!! Verizon would charge me quadruple for a charger.[...]
This charger is one of the fastest I have for my phone. Being a Micro B USB it will work with almost any smart phone. The spiral wound cord works well for the short distance in my car, but still is long enough for the chasm of my old Ford Truck as well. The only drawback that I've come across is that bright blue LED that can light up the whole car at night. It's very distracting while driving and I strongly suggest rotating the charger so the light is away from the driver's eyes.
Bought as a charger for my MIL's new phone. I went with this version since the cable is built-in and there could be no mix-ups with what cable to use and where/how to stick it since my MIL is not very tech-savvy. She loves it and it works very well on her phone. The blue LED is not too bright for night-driving yet bright enough to see in daytime so you know it's plugged in. My recommendation would be to get a USB car charger so you can use whatever cable you want and since you have two separate pieces, if one fails, you only have to replace that part, not the whole thing. This however, follows the K.I.S.S. principle and works very well. I would highly recommend.
I've almost lost count as to how many of these I've purchased already -- I normally keep two in each car to not only charge, my HTC Sensation, but my work Blackberry as well. I've purchased more to make sure I can plug them into rental cars (as I'm prone to forget things here and there) and keep my devices charged.It's a simple adapter, with a glowing blue end - and does everything it has to!Make sure it's purchased from Amazon - too many other reviewers also complain about getting a knock-off product!
When I had to get a new phone I needed a different car charger. The store charged thirty five bucks so of course I said no. I knew Amazon would have it for cheaper and was I ever right. I paid a lot lot less with no shipping and handling. WHAT A DEAL!! Of course it works just as it should. I learned a long time ago to only buy Motorola accessories. The after-market companies products never seem to last. So if you're thinking about getting a car charger then I suggest getting this one. Even if you think you'll never need one, for the price it's worth keeping one in the glove box for emergencies. (Do they still call them glove boxes?)
The best!! No other description needed. I have ordered seven of these. Five for myself and a couple for a friend. The only problem I've had is keeping them for myself. Borrowed one to a coworker and rather than return it, he gave me a $10 bill instead. Another was stolen from my company vehicle. I keep one in every vehicle and one in my lunch box. Never had one fail or have had to wiggle the micro USB end to get it to work like all the el-cheapo ones I had before. For the price Amazon sells them, you can order five of them and select Free Super Saver Shipping and it'll still be cheaper than going to a big box store or one of the carriers retail outlets where it'll cost you $30 for the same unit or anything comparable.
Car chargers: one thing I really hate buying. I go into the cell phone store and they want a small fortune for one. If you purchase online you absolutely have no idea what you are getting. This charger is a diamond in the rough. It works great and charges my Droid 2 very quickly. It works so great I bought one for my wife. The blue light is a bit bright at night but nothing to take a star off. The light is low drawn power and it does not get hot at all so I just leave it plugged in all the time. Oh yeah, it got here lightning quick too.
I am using this device on my Samsung Fascinate:I liked my first one so much, I ordered two more. One for each car, and one to carry with me (I'm a professional driver, and use lots of different vehicles).Fortunately, the micro-USB interface is becoming quite common, so this also charges my wifes phone, and my bluetooth headset.As a bonus, it clearly lights up to let you know when it is getting power.  This is very handy, since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off.
For roughly the same price as the cheap chargers at Walmart, I think this is a great buy. I use it for my Nexus 4 and it works perfectly fine. Charges quickly, and the battery doesn't seem to be negatively impacted at all. I personally don't have an issue with the glowing blue light, but others might, especially when driving at night. I also like the coiled cord, as it means I don't have a long cord hanging around my console. The charger itself feels high quality, so it should last for quite some time. The only drawback I can see is that the charger is a bit longer than I would prefer, but it's not a big deal. All in all it's a solid buy. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a sub $10 car charger.
I have used so many car chargers for micro usb devices.  Many cheap made in china, chargers takes forever to charge the phone.  Some even do not fit well in socket, and some I had to position the charger to charge the phone.  In some charger cord came off from base charger and or micro usb end.After I invested money in this, it seems like solution of all problems.1. Durable cord, which I believe that will be fine during cold winter.2. Durable connections to base charger and micro usb end.3. Cool blue lamp which indicates charger is well connected in power socket.4. No problem with connecting and charging any micro usb phone.I liked it so much that I ordered second one to replace it in my second car!
I don't know much about amps, etc.  This item seems to work well on my Motorola Razr Maxx (because of the battery in the Maxx I am not that dependent on a car charger anymore. Yaay!!!)  But I wish the cord was longer.  I find that the pull of the cord (because it is short) makes it harder to talk while the phone is connected to the cord.  It is also too short when trying to use the vehicle phone dock.  I would rather deal with a bit of extra cord (say a 6ft. length) than have to tussle with a short cord.
Overall this charger works great, the MicroUSB fits well, the cord is a perfect length, and it's a high current charger so my Nexus One charges fast (and doesn't discharge while running the GPS).  I've purchased two of these now, one for me (Nexus One) and one for my wife (HTC Aria).It lost 1 star because the plug part is _really long_ and the silly blue light.  It's actually quite bright and distracting at night, I have to turn the thing sideways at just the right angle.  I could cover it if I needed to, but turning it works.
Thank goodness for whatever committee decided to standardize on the micro-usb connector for power on so many portable devices.  This power port adapter (power port formerly known as Prince,oops, I mean cigarette lighter) will charge both my phones and both my tablets.  I get a warm fuzzy feeling in knowing it is a Motorola device as I have had positive experiences with Motorola equipment.  To top it off, it has a very cool blue light when it is charging.  So a free light show is included.  Nice charger at a very reasonable price.
My favorite color is blue... but that is not why I bought this adapter.  Yes, the Moto logo glows blue from the blue LED, but I know that Moto makes quality chargers.  I buy Moto chargers no matter what brand of phone I use because I know that they will stand up to abuse. If you buy one, buy several so that you can keep one in all of your cars, in your briefcase, your purse, your backpack, your desk drawer, etc.  That way you are prepared no matter where you go.  Besides, a coworker or friend will be whining one day about how their car charger died on them.  Imagine the smile when you hand over one of your prized Moto chargers and tell them to keep it.  Get them to buy you a cup of coffee or a can of your favorite soft drink.  :)
This is my second charger like this (lost my first one... then found it the day this new replacement charger came in... figures).  Both have worked well with a Moto Droid X and Moto Droid Razr Maxx.  It charges just fine, at about the same rate as the OEM stock charger, so I assume it is around a 1A charger (probably just below 1A).  I don't care for the length of this thing; however, it's worked better than other chargers I've had.
This USB charger really does work quicker than the one it replaced.  I'd bought a generic charger from Amazon some time ago and at some point it got crushed and broke apart.  The Motorola is just a bit bigger than most chargers, but the glowy blue circle is easy to grip and doesn't get in the way of my gearshift, which is actually a pretty important thing to know when you drive a stick.I've noticed it charges my Samsung Galaxy SIII fairly quickly--with it below 20% I might but close to the top in an hour or so.  The cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it.
It works really well. Callers say I sound clear, although they know they are on speaker, even when the car is quiet.  I'm very happy with it.I like that if I forget to turn it on, I can turn it on when my phone rings and it will answer the call after it powers up.I have a retractable usb cable connected to it all the time.  I have just under zero slack on the cable.  It's tucked behind the rear view mirror.  The cord is thin and barely noticeable.  Plus I can retract the cable away if I want a more elegant look with passengers in the car.I tried the music stream feature when I first got the unit and never tried it again. :-)  The sound isn't great so don't buy it for the music feature.
Wasn't sure what to expect with this, but it works flawlessly and it is very easy to use, as well as very portable.  Probably my only complaints are that you do have to read the manual very carefully to understand the various colors and blinks of the lights, but once you know your way around it - the device just works.  Callers cannot tell you are on a bluetooth and you can hear the callers very clearly.  It has exceeded my expectations.  Plan to get another one for our second car now.
Just got this on 6/5/2011 - Great automotive Bluetooth FM transmitter for Music and Speaker Phone for my iPhone 3G. Charged it fully right out of the box and then started using it. My unit came with the car cigarette lighter charger and literature.  I used a standard mini-USB power charger that I had and that worked fine.  Car charger also works well. Sound quality is great for both phone calls and for music through the car stereo. Tonal quality is fine on the stock stereos in my cars. For a more critical listening test, I set the FM transmitter for my Home Theater Surround System and the music sounds great on that also (good imaging and tonal quality). The unit appears to be durably constructed and should last.
This is the first BT ear piece I have had that actually works the way it should.  Very light, fits in the ear well and after a couple of days I almost forgot I have it on.  Some people complain about the unusually long button hold to end a call, but I have not had a problem with it.  Battery life is excellent.  Not as good in the wind as I had hoped but this is true of most BT ear pieces I have tried.  In the car works like a champ.Be sure you check the firmware version and upgrade to the latest.  The one I received was 2 releases behind.  This feature alone is worth the price!
I found this headset very comfortable, with excellent audio quality, the few times it successfully connected to my Nokia phones.After working with BlueAnt tech support and trying it on two different phones, they admitted that they have a known issue with Symbian OS phones (most Nokia and some other smartphones) where the headset can be "paired" with the phone, but it does not connect reliably for incoming or outgoing calls. Phrases used by the tech included:"[We] haven't got around the compatibility issues with Symbian phones.""[this is a] known issue."and apparently there is a significant amount of discussion on the BlueAnt support boards (which he could not find during our call).NOT RECOMMENDED FOR SYMBIAN OWNERS as much as I would like to!
I am a tech-saavy first-time owner of a Bluetooth headset.So far, the Z9 has been great.Pros:*Works with my cellphone's voice recognition so I press one button and say "Call SoAndSo".  I *LOVE* this feature.*Easy re-pairing after On/Off cycle*Decent battery life (I use my cell phone ~6 times daily, and it lasts 2 days)*Fits VERY SECURELY in my ear.Cons:*I've noticed a few times when the sound/mic stopped mid-call after about 30 mins.  Maybe I need a firmware update.*Other party can't hear me well with wind or background noise, even with the Enhance voice feature. But I can't imagine that many other devices perform much better*Learning curve. There are 3 buttons and with them, I can perform 20 functions.  There is 1 led light which represents 6 status indications.  It'll take some time before I know all of them, but the basic ones are very easy to learn.
I have mixed feelings about this headset.First the bad news: It can't handle any wind at all, even the slightest breeze kills the conversation.  Doesn't matter what setting I use, it's just awful.  Secondly it keeps dropping out of Bluetooth,  out of nowhere I get the descending tones that mean it's turning off, then it dies.  Afterwards I restart it and it's fine.  The speaker volume for the headset is pathetically low at it's highest setting: If you're hard of hearing you won't be happy with this.On the good side, it cancels out background noise wonderfully.  I've used it when I've been in a noisy car and while standing next to a noisy construction site and people could hear me just fine.I'm going to contact Blue Ant and see if they have any fixes for the problems and I'll update this post after that.
This is easily the best bluetooth headset I've used. I use a cell phone in my home office all day, and I need a headset that sounds very natural and as close to a land line sound as possible. This one delivers that, with very clear sound on both ends.  It's also the lightest one I've used, and it's very easy to wear it all day without discomfort. It also doesn't drop connections with the phone (a blackberry).  I've used a jawbone (sounds like it's a shortwave radio transmission), nokia bh-900 (clear but very uncomfortable for all day use), and a half dozen others in the last few years, and the others don't come close.  I also like that it comes with additional ear loops, but I doubt I'll need them since the earloop seems sturdier that the little wire loops most headsets come with, and I won't be carrying it in my pocket due to discomfort.Buy this one, you'll love it.
I bought this product to tether my lifeproof to me in the wave pool. I used it along with a lanyard to keep my phone on me the entire day. The quality is &#34;Good&#34; however I have seen better ones in the past. I would recommend this product for anyone who wants to tether anything with the ability to add a strap to it to anything else. This would also be useful for creating custom phone &#34;Jewels&#34;  (Those silly little things people attach to their phones just for looks)
It appears in the photo that these might be sturdy items to keep your flash/thumb drives in one handy place. Nothing's further from the truth. The &#34;thread&#34; is not much thicker than what you'd use to sew buttons with and the ring that you are led to believe will hold several items is barely 1/3&#34; in diameter. Furthermore, if you actually put a thumb drive on the ring, you'd need a pair of needle nose pliers to spread the ring apart, then forcefully close it back together. Yes, they are cheap and yes, there are several in the pack. But at over $8.00 in shipping (they come from Singapore), you can probably fashion a better thumb drive holder by using parts of old key chains. This is by far the worst purchase I've ever experienced on Amazon...who should be ashamed of themselves for selling such trashy junk.The jokes on me...I fell for the hype. Don't let that happen to you.
HAHAHA...LOL-OL-OL...there are 35 reviews of a $.84 bag of straps!, well i am the 36th time-well-spent reviewer LOL! Sorry people, and seriously, who cares to know if these straps can hall a 4x8 trailer (haha)... You have 10 tries and if all fail just buy another bag of them! I also am buying a bunch of tiny usb's as gifts for xmas and ran into these with comments, and spent 15 mins with it LOL! Merry xmas to all!
I have numerous amount of USB thumb drives which all have the little loop on them. However, do to cost cutting, they don't come with them any longer. So I decided to purchase some for myself. I have a USB drive that is thumb nail size. This one has the smallest loop of them all but with the help of a paperclip, i was able to get the strap in. This allows me to remove the drive from my PC with little trouble. They are not too long about 2 inches, so they are the perfect size The price for 10 wasn't much more than the price for 1, so it made sense and I have extra in case one breaks.Though the scheduled arrival date was a few weeks back from what I wanted but it did come within that time without an issue. All 10 appear to be in good shape and are not damaged upon arrival. They came in a small clear zip bag, within a large shipping envelope.
The material and craftsmanship while poor, performs adequately well and is of a more than reasonable price. With a generic strap, cheap split ring and cap, much to my surprise that the lobster clasps just by themselves are worth the price. I recently just bought 10 lobster clasps for $4-ish and were of terrible quality. Just pulling on the lever would risk breaking the entire thing. For half the price, I got much better set of clasps as well as the bonus of the straps I needed.Going by the picture and description, I did not expect these clasps to come-with, so I'm not only satisfied, but just very may buy another 10.I used the straps to string charms to my PSP and 3DS.
These straps are exactly as I expected.  I don't know how some of the reviewers expected them to hold a cell phone.  They don't look like they are that big in the photo, unless the photo has changed since their reviews.The cords are small, perfect for the tiny electronic locator I put on my keychain.  They're also a good  size for the charms that go on cell phones or for small thumb drives.Another inconsistency: maybe different vendors provided different straps, but the ones I received have split rings.  They look sturdy enough.  So far, I have no complaints.This was a good value.  I'm impressed and would buy them again, but that won't be for a long while.  I only needed one cord.  I now have ten.
First of all, I paid 78 cents for 10 of these. Shipping and all! I would NEVER trust them to hold the weight of my cell phone. The string is about as thick as fishing line. The ring is about 1/4 inch in diameter. The loop is only big enough to put three fingers thru them. This was a bad investment but for 78 cents I can't complain too much. I just CANNOT recommend them nor will I ever use them. There are far better lanyards out there and for not much extra money. DON'T BUY THESE!!
True, this charger will charge multiple devices, but...1. Individual cables are not labeled as to what device they are for.2. The charger lights do not go out when the device is charged.  I can see how you might overcharge some devices because there is no automatic circuit that detects when the battery is fully charged.  Such "battery full" circuits are almost always present in chargers made for specific devices.3. Unless you buy an adapter specifically for the iPod, the USB adapter still requires an iPod charging cable, which you may already have.I'm not saying that the Chargepod doesn't do what it's supposed to do, but you should note these caveats.
Although I didn't like my CallPod Dragon bluetooth headset, I love this CallPod Charger.  I started running out of places to charge my multiple gadgets at night, each one wanting is own outlet.  With this unit, I charge two cell phones, my bluetooth headset, two Ipods, and I still have room for expansion.  Best of all, I only have to tie up a single outlet.My only complaint is that I would like to be able to turn off all the little LEDs for each connected device.  At night, my bedroom ceiling glows blue due all those LEDs.
I use these for everyday use around the house or office and generally when traveling or mowing the lawn. They have been fantastic for 11 months until I began to wear them while exercising 3 weeks ago and found that despite their claim of being moisture and sweat resistant they don't appear the be able to handle sweat much at all. My head and neck get damp during exercise (not dripping) and it somehow seeped into the controls and the vol down and rewind buttons stopped working. Also while exercising the headphones initiated a phone call on my cell phone (there is a button on them for that).Before this problem they were fantastic. Bottom line, wearing them while working out probably isn't a good idea but for everyday use they are champs, They take a lot of abuse and keep on going but they seem deathly afraid of sweat :)
Paired flawlessly with my Chocolate.  Have used it almost 30 feet away from the phone without losing connection!  The earbud covers - you get two different ones (one set of one, two of the other.)  The traditional, round, style have better sound but fill with sweat when working out. Literally fill - have to drain them every 15 minutes or so. The open style does not have this problem, but has poorer sound quality and lets in more ambient noise.Yes, you can only hear the phone calls in the left ear, but that's the communication's standard.  If your phone transmitted it in stereo, it would play in stereo.Basically, make sure you know the phone/mp3 player/whatever the device is standard.  Don't blame the car if you buy the wrong seat covers. Don't blame the headset if you purchase it for the wrong device!It supports all current bluetooth standards. Does your device?
On paper this battery should give about 20% more time than the battery that came with my phone.  So far I've had the phone on 3+ days, made some calls, and the charge indicator still shows 4 bars. Needless to say I'm very happy, and for about $5?  What a deal.Not sure why some people are having problems, but the battery came with instructions and I did charge it for a full 8 hours before using it.Note: The battery seems a tad thicker, but the door closes fine.  Just needs a bit of a push.
I obtained a BZ60 for a V3m because this is a slim battery. Same voltage but higher current rating than the battery which came with the phone (780mAh). Yes, I can get the battery door closed.First charge cycle: battery didn't seem to last as long as expected. Second charge cycle: much better. By the third charge cycle, I'm anticipating it outperforming the battery it replaced. I'm just making sure for the first few charges, it gets a chance to completely drain before I'm re-charging it.Update: I'm finding the battery doesn't really last much longer than the one it replaces. If I take a few calls, the battery life falls off pretty quickly. I do have a MicroSD card installed in the phone which is about 1/3rd full of personal music. I didn't think the SD card would take much power to retain it's contents. Oh well... The price is good.
Great for working in the yard or exercise.  These guys are compact & lightweight.  Comfort is good, though it decreases slightly on  extended use.  The earphones stay centered on your ears.  Phone call quality is excellent for both parties.  The controls are easy to use & well designed.The only negative was that the bass response was not as strong as I had hoped for, but they sound good & work great.  For the price, they can't be beat & they are quite handy on a cold windy day.
I had read about this same problem in a review before I bought these but I thought it was just a fluke. I had mine for a little over a month and the plastic that holds the right speaker on broke rendering the headset useless. It looks like I can return them and I would replace with another but I don't want to keep replacing them because of a design flaw.Sound quality WAS great for music. These are good if you want music headset that you can answer a phone call if you have to. But if you intend on talking on the phone with much any back ground noise this might not be the one.
This case has been wonderful! It was tight at first because I have a plastic case around my phone to protect the phone in case I drop it.  After a week or so the case has loosened up just right. I like the opening at the bottom because it allows me to push the phone out easier. I love the extra pocket too. If I don't want to take my purse I can slip in a credit card and my driver's license and they are under the flap and the pocket has snaps for extra security. The clip is REALLY tight too so it won't slip off of anything unless you take it off. I would buy it again! The service was wonderful too!
Its Fine but, The secondary little side flap that gives a place to store cash or cards is a Joke.I see little picture like windows?! Only a (1) Postage stamp could fit in them, and don't think about removing it once it is in.The Card slot is not going to really hold but one card and you will not want to keep it there once you see it there.And you almost have to RIP the flap open (Good snaps) But not the Magnet snap. I find myself always TRYINGto set it (the magnet snap), in it's little click/closed hole.Great Price though so I have it till I can find one like I used to have.
This case is so great I bought another one.  The main reason I bought this case is the two ways to attach to a belt.  I never trusted just the clip-on style and wanted belt loops.  This fit the bill on that.  What I also can do is slip the end of my headset thru the hole between the flap and the main body and then pull until the earpieces are against the body, and then wrap the cord around the bottom where they join together and snap it closed.  I also have a folded up micro fiber cleaning cloth, cash, and a fold up stand slipped into the card slot.  That main body of the case holds my iPhone (which has an added snap-on case) securely, neither too tight nor too loose.  I highly recommend this product, and in fact ordered a second.  Such quality was very unexpected with such a low price.
This iPhone made cord will work with ANY standard 3.5mm jack.  This means not only will it work with your iPhone, but will also with your Touch, Nano, Classic and what not.  This means this cord will work with any of the current audio devices you have that have a standard 3.5mm jack.  The only difference between the input jack on the iPhone and any other MP3 player is that the iPhone jack is deeper, more recessed in than normal.  Cord is well constructed and very sturdy.  I use it in my Camry and the sound is excellent.
I'm not sure what to make of all of the negative reviews on this thing - it works fine for me in charging an iPod as well as my wife's iPad (I know, the Kindle enthusiast has an iPad in the family - don't tell anyone).  There realy isn't too much you can say in a review for a product like this - it either works as advertised or it does not, and in this case it does.  For this price, it certainly beats purchasing an Apple-branded charger!
Don't know what other reviewers are seeing. I opened the package, cleaned the iphone surface with a moist paper towel first, then with a dry napkin (my simple way of cleaning the surface), then cleaned with the cleaning cloth supplied (it all took less than a minute), and applied the screen protector. It went on cleanly with very little bubbles that I could remove with the supplied applicator (a small plastic tool to remove the bubbles).BargainCell promptly shipped them on ordering and I got it in 3 days. More than a week now and so far the screen is holding up well.Update: Two months later and it is still ok - no bubbles and it is sticking to the surface correctly. Great product for a very good price (even the high cost of shipping is worth it), compared to similar products being sold in Fry's for $10 or more.
I've always just bought an international phone card when I've traveled but decided to take my own phone this one time and try one of these sim cards. Well, let me tell you. I made about 45 minuets of calls during a total of 3 weeks and my overall bill was $176. So, if you do the math, I could have spend about $13 American dollars on a 10 euro calling card with 400 minuets and called from the hotel or any public phone....or $176 for less than an hour of calls. This was certainly the worse choice I made for my trip and I advise you to NOT buy this! Amazon.com, please consider taking this off your list of products...it is very misleading and cost consumers way too much money after it is purchased.
This SIM is an excellent product to have with you and your unlocked Quad band GSM phone when you travel abroad.The coverage is extensive ( 170+ countries ), no fees, no surcharges, no minimum charges, no taxes, no line maintenance fees.Just keep it and use it when you need to. Great as a back-up to another card or for emergency use.The rates are high for most countries so use should be for emergencies or short calls only. If you want to talk a lot use a phone card and a pay phone or buy a local SIM. But for emergency or occasional use you cannot beat it. It is also a good value if you are traveling to the UK as all incoming calls there are free on your cell with this SIM ( UK only ).I would not leave the country without it.
I chose this card even though it had mediocre reviews because it was the only one I could find that charged by use, not a prepaid amount.  I went to europe and never used the card/phone and was charged for 3 text messages that I never got.  For $2.40 I didn't fight the error very hard but the fact remains I was charged for services not rendered.  Further, they were were after me for the $2.40 before I even got back from the 8 day trip.  (emails when I got home were already in my inbox)  Its not the money, its the principle, I don't like disingenuous companies.  For a lousy $2.40 they should have just said sorry and written it off.  I would have used the card on future trips but its in the trash now.
I suspect this battery is not new. If it is then it's defective. I'd bet this was a refurbished battery. This battery best performance equaled the performance of my original battery after I had it about a year. At best, it performed OK but nothing like a new battery. BTW - I purchased this battery in Aug 2011, I'm again looking to purchase it's replacement because one again, I find myself having to charge it on average twice per day.I will say I received the battery quickly. Kudos to the seller for that.
I recently bought a "juice pack" for my iPhone 4, and it takes the micro A USB cord. They are not too common, and the cord furnished with the battery pack is extremely short. The Nokia CA-101 was a better length, and it was in the PRIME area.Pros:Syncs with iTunes on the iMacGreat companion in the carSolid construction; not cheaply madeCons:Cord will slip out of the juice pack battery with no-noticeNever have enoughStrong, and long enough to use in case of a zombie attackhighly recommend
I love the new plantronics voyager 855. It pairs great with my Nokia N82. My only gripes are that the call/talk button can be difficult to press and the audio quality is good but not great. For audiophiles, the 855 wont cut it. But I think I can safely say that no BT headset has great audio. If fidelity is what you want, you favorite headphones are better suited for the job, but if you want to walk around town, make calls, and listen to tunes this headset is awesome. It has great audio isolation and decent sound quality.
The Good: The headset pairs well with the iPhone 3G and 3G S.  The controls on the headset work very well (A2DP with AVRCP).  For music, I could play, pause, fast forward and rewind easily (great for listening to audio books).  For talking, you can answer calls from the headset without having to press anything on the phone.  The stereo sound is great when you plug in the second earpiece.  The in-ear Noise Isolation ear-buds are comfortable and work well.The Bad: The noise reduction cuts off outgoing speech, so people were constantly asking me to repeat what I said.  This was the deal-breaker for me because I am always talking on the headset.  If Plantronics could fix this, the headset would be perfect!
I've been using my headset for four months now and have loved it.  I typically use it for listening to podcasts and audio books while I'm working, and for that purpose, it works wonderfully.  I've heard the sound quality isn't so great for music, but to be honest, my hearing isn't sharp enough to tell where it's lacking.My only complaints are with actual phone calls.  I've heard from people I've called that it picks up a lot more wind and background noise that my old Voyager 510 did.  There also seems to be a bit of a delay (less than 1/4th of a second) between when I start speaking, and when the mic starts picking me up.  It's fine if I take the time to speak clearly, but tends miss short, one word replies completely.
I've used the Voyager 855 for about 15 hours and I am pleased with the purchase. I use it with an Iphone 3G while working out. For me having the headphone cables out of the picture is worth the drop in music quality. I get some pauses in the music if I don't turn off the WiFi on the Iphone. I get the impression the phone gets too busy to keep the music playing. The noise cancellation is not very good on the out-bound portion of phone calls, but I don't use the phone that much while working out. (No one wants to hear that much heavy breathing.) For the price it is a great buy.
Since I originally reviewed this product, the price has actually gone... up? If you can buy this stereo BT set for $40 and under, snap it up. Otherwise, pass on it.I was a little skeptical about buying a stereo Bluetooth for such a bargain, but this is a nice headset. Mind you, it's not perfect, but the sound is reasonably good. It you are expecting the sound quality of Shure headphones, your expectations are not realistic. However, this headphones do offer fairly accurate mid-range response, fair bass, and decent highs. I use them with my iPhone 3G S and have found that the "jazz" setting for the EQ produces the best results. The attachment for the "2nd ear' works great and is very unobtrusive. I think it would be hard to beat this product for any stereo Bluetooth under $75.
It was probably right there in the manual all along...this thing is about the equivalent of a bluetooth earpiece except that it stops the music...if you have a friend that has a stereo that imports the contact list, dials from the screen, etc. They do not have a NX409 or NZ409...the screen doesn't even know the phone is there until a call comes through. Don't even think about the possibility of putting your phone away and seeing the name come up on the screen.Not really sure that $78 + installation + where do I put the wired microphone = worth not having to wear an earpiece.Bluetooth music? I guess that could be useful if Pandora worked better on my phone, but it is much easier just to stick your mp3s on a usb stick or ipod.I'm about ready to put it on Craigslist and take my loss now. :(
I went through three wired headsets (I like earbuds for wearing with ski and bike helmets) - lost one and had two fall apart on me, so I went to this product.  But I am not impressed with this product - I can't get the earpiece to stay in my ear, except by twisting the ear loop and jamming the ear bud into my ear - it HURTS after just a few minutes of my 30 minute commute, or, if it isn't hurting me, it falls off and hits the ground or gets lost under my car seat.  The volume doesn't go high enough while I'm driving so I can't hear over the car noise (yes, I have a brand new, fairly quiet car)  Anyway, I'm debating returning it due to the discomfort factor.
This is my third bluetooth voice device and I have to say that I've yet to experience a product that worked as advertised.Forget the claims companies make about reception distance.  The 220 is no exception.  On my Blackberry I've found that anything over 5 to 7 feet creates far too much annoying static.  Unlike the other bluetooth devices I've used, I've actually encountered static with the 220 even when I'm 1 foot from the phone.  However, I will say this - this is the most stable device I've used so far.  Once it partners with the phone it remains connected.So it's been a mixed bag.  I'll use the 220 until it breaks or is lost (and that always seems to happen).  After that I certainly won't be looking to buy another of the same model.
There are so many great, lengthy reviews about this phone already, I'll keep this one short and simple.It's a great phone.  And if you have an 8125 or 8525, then it's time to upgrade.If you're still carying a PDA and a cell phone, then this is the phone for you.  All in one, with GPS, a decent music player, a good camera, and a great operating system (WM6).A quick tip: don't bother with the $10/mo TomTom service.  Download the free Microsoft Live Search or Google Maps applications which both work perfectly with this device's built-in GPS.
first off, the rating is 1-star only because i can't leave it at 0. i got this phone over the iphone because of the lack of MMS and QWERTY keypad on the iphone. boy, that was a HUGE mistake. when i initially bought the phone, i had it for only a week and a half when major bugs started showing up. the keypad text only shows up half of the time and it was taking literally 10 minutes to open programs. no joke. then, it started freezing so badly that the only way to shut it off was to remove the battery. during this time frame, i had not downloaded anything that could have disrupted the phone in any way. needless to say, i returned this phone and got a replacement.the replacement phone was great...for a month and a half. that's when all the issues from the first phone started happening again. with this phone, i refrained from downloading anything, period. all i can say is that this phone sucks big-time.
I'm a huge cell phone fan and I tend to try out the latest and greatest.  So far, this phone is it.  I won't rehash all the features because you can read about those elsewhere.  The highlights for me were the excellent battery life and the fact that it has just about every feature you could want in a PDA phone.  The size isn't even that bad.  I had resisted getting a PDA phone because of the size, but I've found I can still get this into my pocket.  I'm glad I didn't give in to getting an iPhone because this has it beat.  The only thing I found annoying is that there is no mini-plug jack.  You can buy an inexpensive converter to plug in headphones, but it's weird they didn't include that.  Otherwise, I love it.  Makes me glad I have AT&T.
I'll be quick.  Good idea here, poor engineering.  When it works it's wonderful, but it hits snags way too often.  I upgraded software as per customer service, it didn't help much.GPS is great when it works, but too often fails.Bluetooth stereo is great when it works, but too often it fails and devices have to be reset/repaired.I have to reboot an average of 4 times per week.One solid plus, the cell signal has been outstanding for me.  I can get a connection and complete a call when my friends can't.If the next iPhone has GPS I will probably eBay my Tilt.
I've tweaked mine and added 3rd party programs, but you can't get around the fact that it's pretty darn hard to make a simple phone call without the stylus, and it's especially frustrating to use the keypad for call options (e.g. voice mail) once your call is connected.  This just plain sucks.Basic phone call operations turn into a two handed procedure, pretty dangerous when you're on the road.After 5 months with this phone, I'm really missing a phone that has a keypad.  I've gone back to my Nokia 73 and will continue shopping for a better Windows Mobile device...
This is one sweet deal. I have been looking at this phone along with the Touch and Blackberry devices and after 2 months of research I finally bought my Tilt. I'm an IT admin here in Seattle and love my techy stuff. Day one I had it setup to our exchange server which was great because I have my email, contacts, and shared calendar with me at all times. I also downloaded numerous applications to help tweak the phone and make it even better. Day two I backed up all my settings and unlocked the phone and tried out the Google Bata app. called Android. Of course, unlocking your phone will void the warranty but I couldn't resist. This phone has limitless possibilities and is practically a miniature laptop.
I actually never used it but here is why.  When I finally got the package it was folded in half with tire marks all over it.  Like the mail man folded it, laid in on the street, backed up right on top of it, and proceeded to power brake and burn out on top of it.  needless to say the screen had unfixable creases and was barely still in the wrapper.it might be a good protector and it really probably had absolutely nothing to do with the seller but I was pretty steamed.
I bought this about 4 or 5 months ago from Amazon (BargainCell) for less than a dollar +plus shipping; followed the instructions - cleaned the iphone, wiped it clean with the given cloth and applied the screen. Screen goes in very nicely and no air bubbles. It has been more than four months and the screen still has no air bubbles and is protecting the screen very well.Another advantage is that this screen smudges MUCH less compared to the original iphone screen and so it doesn't look that bad. (still you need to clean the surface with moist paper or something once in a week or so).A great buy!
I ordered this because the Microsoft one is super over-priced, but in the end, it just would have been better to get the Microsoft one. (or better yet use HDMI if that is an option) The overall build feels cheap, and looks cheap, but that doesn't always mean it is cheap, this time however, it did. It works, I'll give it that, and it even came with a nifty little adapter/extender for the Audio cable, but the image is in triplicate, the main image in the middle, then a ghosted image on both sides. It isn't so bad that you couldn't play but it definitely gets annoying super fast. Just bite the bullet and get the Microsoft one, or get a new monitor for Christmas that has HDMI input like I did.
We needed a considerably lengthy 3.5mm Male to Male stereo cable to connect a computer to our phone system, through a3.5mm Mono Female / RCA Male Adaptor, to the system's music on hold. This did the trick, and did it cheaply. The cost of this 25-foot cable is much more reasonable than cables of shorter length. I am very pleased with this. Sound quality was not a major consideration since it only has to play through the speakers of phones. Still, all things considered, I recommend this. What is there to lose at this price?
Bought this to connect my speakers to my TV.  Its ok, I guess for $4.50 now you cannot expect much, but I dont expect it to last.  The cord is really thin.  I have to make sure I use minimum bending radiuses or else I feel like I will snap it in half.I also seem to get some 60hz hum if I leave any of the extra cord laying around behind my TV. and the associated power cords.First cord got sucked up into the vacuum and is longer usable.  Ordered another and the metal connector just broke off.  Looking for a different item this time.
This looked like a great deal. I have a boombox with a 1/8&#34; (3.5 mm) input for external audio sources which I wanted to use for my tablet computer and a couple of other portable devices. All I got was distorted mono sound or stereo sound with a 60 cycle hum depending on how far in I pushed the plug. Pushing it all the way in only produced hum. Tried it on a number of devices. Same results. My guess is that the internal wires are not connected at the right spots in the plugs. I bought a shorter, more expensive cable that works. Buyer beware.
This is a great concept, and everything is good about it compared to a wired headset, except two things.First, there is a very little bit of static or fizzing sound in the background of listening to music with it from my Smartphone. And second, much less important to most except those like me, it doesn't capture the ultra-low frequency bass sounds that I like to hear. It has very good low bass and overall range from highs to lows. Understand the difference between low range bass and ultra-low range bass.I don't know if the slight hissing sound was due to the Smartphone or the speakers of the headset, but otherwise it's excellent.
I've been through a lot of headsets. Each one has issues with how well they work or how well they fit. I have a BlueAnt Z9 which fits pretty well but picks up noises like running water or shuffling paper and delivers them at ear-splitting levels to my caller. The Jawbone 2 is beautiful but doesn't fit because the required jaw contact is hard to maintain and you don't know until the caller says (again) that he can't hear you.I tried the Sennheiser because I love their other products. I wasn't expecting much but it's both light and comfortable. It's quite large but it's very light and I very quickly forget it's there. It works really well, with a pleasant chime to tell you it's connected and when a call arrives. No complaints from callers and the sound is good. Noise rejection is pretty good, too.This is now my main headset.By the way, I use it with an iPhone.
If you have a Samsung Galaxy Note 2, S3 or S4, this is a phenomenal case.  It has the metal belt clip that slips on and off along with a belt loop that fits most running belts.  The case also has a neck strap loop!I run distances of 10 miles or more and stream my music via bluetooth to my sunglasses.  This case does not hinder the signal.The case is easy to open and close.  This case is better than the $30 case I used before.  My running belt is an Amphipod.
Great phone case for the Galaxy 4 with the thick Otterbox protective case! My hubby works construction and needed a phone case that was vertical and had the belt loop and was canvas, this phone fits the bill on all accounts! Some reviews said case was cheap, but for the money I paid, I did not think that way and I bought 5 of them to have extras on hand. Hubby is so happy with case as it fits his Galaxy 4 with the thick Otterbox cover comfortably! He says thay he doesn't even know he's carrying it as it is so comfortable in the vertical position instead of horizontal. Some reviews talked about removing the metal belt hook, but hubby said it didn't bother him. Also love the wide opening and heavy velcro flap to secure phone safely! Even with the thicker otterbox cover the phone slkdes in and out of the case with ease! Can't say enough, just love this case for the Galaxy4 with Otterbox cover!
I did not purchase this for the listed application. I wanted an oversize holster to fit my Samsung Galaxy S III with an extended battery or protective case. The phone slides in and out of the case easily for either application. The pouch itself is a bit bulky for my taste and could stand to be about 1/2 inch narrower. The belt clip will not turn to provide additonal comfort which would be my preference.Overall, it works for what I bought it for. It is a good solution, but not a perfect one. The pouch appears to be of good construction and will likely last me for several years of use.
This is my fourth Plantronics 330.I lost the first one, the Rottweiler ate the second one, and with the third one, the terrier chewed off the rubber piece that fits in the ear.Blue tooth headsets, I found, are a very personal thing.  Some did not fit 'right' and one gave me an earache. The Plantronics 330 fits me the best and once I became accustomed to putting it on, I can do it with one hand.I wear glasses, so I have to adjust the earpiece to fit over the ear along with the arm of the glasses. It only takes a moment and even though both are over one ear, it is still very comfortable.
I bought this bluetooth after using another model of Plantronics bluetooth to death. I liked it a lot but it was a little bulky so I went for a slimmer model this time; the Explorer 330. FORGET IT! It won't stay in my ear. It makes my ear so sore that I can hardly force myself to wear it (I have to have it for my job) and if I get four feet away from my cell, I get static. I'm VERY disappointed with this model and will be returning it.
I was overall quite happy with this mount. It stuck to the windshield well. It held my device well. It was quite adjustable (allowing both landscape and portrait mode and easy changing between them).But after only 6 months, the ball joint failed and could no longer support any weight. This meant that my phone screen just flopped downwards and pointed at the floor (in any orientation). After trying to deal with this, I finally had to remove it from my vehicle because it was causing dangerous driving conditions and it was better to just hold the phone in my hand than to deal with the defective mount.Good design, but poor quality materials or build quality.
This was a reliable phone.  The battery would last more than a day, even with heavy texting and data on.  I miss this, and actually would prefer it to my Sprint Galaxy S3, which had miserable battery life.  T-Mobile had great service as well, and as soon as I left T-Mobile for Sprint, I regretted it and made plans to get back.The biggest drawback of this phone was the small screen.  The browser makes all website and email text into a standard font, so you get text that is large enough to read even if a website is not responsive.  Still, reading a website on the tiny screen is tedious.
It's an average quality case/skin and will do the trick. Beware: If you get the Amazon bundle with the Screen Protector and Headphone adapter, you will be paying shipping for each of the three items. FYI - this has no bearing on my rating of this case, just know that the two cents more that you pay is not all you pay after figuring the shipping - it's more like $12 more. Avoid the bundle and buy it all from the same seller to avoid the triple ship charge. ;)
This is a nice looking case, the only problem I had with this was that the inside is not painted, looks like they tried using just enough paint on the outside to make it look good. I guess it doesn't really matter once the case is snaped on to the phone but it still bugs me to see the poor quality...If you must buy this style of case, you might want to consider one called Kroo Shell, I'm not sure if they make it for the 1st Gen iPhone though.
I wish that I had a Cozip case when I first got my iPhone. It probably would have spared my iPhone from a few inadvertent dings to its corners. The Cozip fits very nicely and adds very little weight or bulk. My iPhone with Cozip still fits nicely into my Incase horizontal holster.The polycarbonate Cozip may not be as tacky as a silicone case but it still feels secure in my hand. All other cases that I've owned in the past for various phones and smartphones have been made of silicone. Unfortunately silicone cases easily attract dust.I'm extremely happy with my Cozip case and highly recommend it for a little extra protection for an iPhone.
Yay! I finally have a bluetooth headset that people can actually hear me.  I have tried 8 others from cheap to expensive with very marginal success.  They all connect just fine but the sound quality on the other end has never been very good.  This was really a problem with my Treo 650 and a little less with my iPhone 3GS.  The H680 has a tremendous range (I've used it more than 60 feet away from my iPhone) and good volume (I've never turned it up all the way yet) and good microphone.  Like another reviewer, I love the slide switch to turn it on.  That way I can have it in my pocket without it accidentally being switched on or off.  Also, it's so light that I've forgotten I had it on.  That lightness can feel like looseness but it actually is very secure.  I highly recommend this product-- especially at the $22 it's showing on Amazon now.
My biggest surprise when moving to this headset was how good it sounds.  Call quality is as good as I've heard out of any headset, and this one is well above most others in its price range.  I would like the volume to go up a bit louder for noisier surroundings, but overall I think this is a great headset.  I especially like the little charging stand.  You just take the headset off, turn it off and drop it into the little magnetized cradle and voila, its charging.  No little tiny cords to push into little tiny holes like most headsets..
I have one of these,  everyone in the sprint store was using them and suggested it to me,  and it's the best headset I've found to date.  It cancels noise out just fine, and I hear very well.  On occasion if I'm on speakerphone and someone else on this headset model or vice versatile then there's some slight choppiness but,  for the most part it's the best headset imve encountered so far.  I'd suggest this headset to anyone.  Just be careful with the. Earpiece. It's delicate.  I know a few people who have broken theirs,
I have had many Bluetooth headsets and all of them had some sort of quirk or other. I have paid much more for some of the others than I paid for the Jabra BT-8040 but so far my Jabra is the best. I like the small size though I had smaller. It fits in my ear nicely and doesn't keep falling out of my ear like my last bluetooth, a Plantronics Discovery 925. I would like the volume to be a little louder. Also on occasion it acts strange when I try to do voice commands. I have to attempt 2 or 3 times to get it in voice command mode. Other than that it's a great little headset.
I bought this headset in Aug 08.  Initially, I really liked it. The size was small and it is very light.  It fit in my ear really well.  It seemed to work fine for about a month or 2, and then I began having complaints that people couldn't understand me.  The problem is this: To have the volume up loud enough to hear anyone caused my outgoing voice to be so loud that it made my speech sound slurred.  Also, this headset didn't manage background noise well as I often had complaints.  Callers sometimes complained of an echo tooThe unfortunate truth is that I received so many complaints that I had to get rid of the head set after only 4 months. What a waste of money!(Incidentally, I replaced this headset with the Plantronics Voyager 510.  After 1 month of usage, I like it alot!  Callers can hear me clearly and I can hear them well.  It also eliminates a great deal of background noise.)
I won't try to top the  Doc. from Washington's review. Same experience here. This is the fifth bluetooth device I've purchased and blows all the others away. My purchase of the H710 was on the strength of a friend's use of an H700. He was the only caller with a bluetooth ear device from whom I could hear every word clearly. This H710 is absolutely the best on everything from utility to comfort. Don't even consider any other. A rare home run from Motorola. Quite a contrast from my wife's crap Motor-oh-no V3m Razr phone. (In comparison to my Samsung U900, another winner).One thing I neglected to mention. Since this device doesn't violate your ear orifice, it may be used successfully with hearing aids.
bought h500 and was defective, motorola replaced extremely quickly, must of been out out h5oo cause they sent me the h710.  Was very easy to set up with my t-mobile dash.  lasts forever, good sound - lack of ear plug a big plus.when washed this one by accident replaced with h721 cause only version i could find local, would have replaced with h710 if i could have found it.uses micro usb charger and not mini like the dash but you can get adaptor so u can  charge with same charger.
After owning multiple older Motorola models and a Plantronics (dumped that one in a day), this 710 is the "Best of the Bunch".  Folks that I speak with find it much easier to understand me, and the noise cancellation feature must work a bit, because regular road noise is no longer complained about.  Still, if a diesel truck is nearby, folks will hear it.  I wonder about the new 715?  Would like to give it a try too.  My son has a 710 also, and I do get some echo when speaking with him.  I am leery about trying the Jawbone, have heard too many fit issues.By the way I can't figure the person that complained about fit, I am 6'5" and a large guy, the ear loop fits me great!
I received my Motorola H710 today.  I was able to pair it, charge it and use it without using the instructions, it is that easy to use.  From what I can see, the sound is superb.  It connects immediately when you open the boom.  I had a Motorola H500 previously and had nothing but problems.  I highly recommend this model.  From the reviews I have read it offers superior wind noise reduction also.  Can't wait for summer to open my sunroof and give it a try!!
I bought two of these to help make keeping my otter box case on when needed to use the speaker/aux cable.The first cable worked for about 1 hour before it began to fray and separate.  The second one only gave audio out of one side.  You could pull the cable out slightly and get both channels (sides), but if your gizmo (phone, tablet, mp3 player) moves the slightest then it stops working on both sides.The other bad thing is the static it creates when in use (aux or headphones).The item is junk and I would avoid unless you like throwing away money.
Bought this audio dongle for the sole purpose of using it in conjunction with my iPad Mini's LifeProof Fre's deep recessed headphone port & my Monster iSport Victory right-angle jack.  The jack's housing fits & passes Left & Right audio channels but I can't control a fully-functional in-line controls of my Monster iSport Victory in-ear earphones.  No matter how much I twist the connection to make it connect, I couldn't use the in-line controls.  The cable seems thin & I'm concern that it might not last as well.  iPad Mini on iOS 6.1.3 while the iPad 2 is on iOS 7.0 if it matters.  I'll update this review once I get the chance to try it with my Beats MixR headphones (in-line control cable also have a right-angle jack).
These things got such bad reviews - that I ordered 3 just to be sure I got one good one (at least they're cheap). I gave them two stars instead of one since, oddly, 2 of 3 of them worked for their intended purpose (a size adapter for my iPhone), though none of them work when plugged into my PC. Hard to imagine this is a very difficult product to manufacture - so I just assume the manufacturer could simply care less...UPDATE: Turns out my 2 star review was way too generous. All 3 of these eventually stopped working properly. A truly staggering level of apathy by the manufacturer...
This does not work with a RedEye Mini infrared adapter.I bought this to use with a RedEye infrared adapter on my iPhone 3GS (RedEye mini Plug-in Universal Remote Adapter for iPhone, iPod touch and iPad) which is in an Otterbox Defender case (OtterBox Defender Case for iPhone 3G, 3GS (Black)[Retail Packaging]). The RedEye Mini is too fat to fit into the headphone jack slot of the Otterbox case, so I thought an adapter would be a good solution. Unfortunately, it does not work for this purpose.It does work as a headphone extender, but for that purpose, I have no use as I don't use headphones with my iPhone.I have not tested with the Square credit card reader. I will try that soon and report back.
I bought this for my morphine juice pack, lost the adapter that came with. I turned out this fit better than my original one. But lacks in sound quality a little not by much like when you listen to some Bluetooth speaker. Seems little tight on female end, but no big deal. Make sure not to focus when you insert/pull. So far works well with iPhone earbud, beats studio, and my Audio Technica. Oh yeah delay respond on attached remote on both apple earbud and beat studio...\
Purchased from Eforcity, US seller that I've gotten a few items from before and quality was good for the price.  Not this case.  Item is the proper fit, and fits bumper cases or special cases that would only accept an Apple headphone jack (ie thin).But, at first, I was getting audio from just one channel - Jiggling a bit the cable at the base of the male end, 2nd channel started working but was getting static noise by just moving the cable.Audio would then come and go, by briefly moving the cable.Filed claim for damaged item.  Seems to me a $1.70 down the drain.
I just got this phone as a replacement for my Curve 8300.  Boy, was I impressed.  It runs fast, keeps up with my typing & you can do most anything on this phone.  Email set up is a breeze & I love using the custom ringtones for people in my address book.  You can easily create your own wallpaper & songs for it and upload without confusion.The downsides are:  No video and I DETEST that the memory card is behind the battery, making it take forever to power down and access.  Beware, this phone takes awhile to boot up, but once it gets going, it's fantastic.I've read that the USB connections go bad on these phones and when my Blackberry Curve 8300 stopped charging, I believed it.  But I loved it so much, I bought another.  I checked out the new Bold but was unimpressed by it's bulky size and the flat keyboard (makes it hard to type) - this phone is MUCH better!
The BlackBerry Curve 8310 from AT&T has served us very well. Its feature-set and quality are superb. The keys are a bit small, but that is easy to live with. The screen is bright and colorful. The rollerball takes a little getting used to and should be cleaned at certain intervals, but we like it better than the side dial. The red is a great shade and makes the phone a little more attractive for those who care. There are plenty of applications for the BlackBerry, and for what it is meant to do, it does it with ease. Call quality is great. Push e-mail is what BlackBerry does best. Text messaging is simple. BB chat is nice if you know others with BlackBerries. We are not huge fans of the media player, but that is just a matter of taste. Make sure you get memory chip for extra storage.
I had to return this phone after 2 days, It would reboot itself and or just lockup. I read about this before. It did have the latest firmware.  The price was $517 when I ordered, it dropped to $488 now. The nokia n95 8g  was 639 and that day I returned Nokia has it for $579 for like a day.  However, the drawback with the phone.  I use a treo and a blackberry. The lack of a keyboard is hard to deal with.  I really wanted to like the device it does allot.  The camera features are nice,  the 8g version seems to be the better way to go in terms of os since I think it has more operating memory.  Nokia is releasing the N96 soon, then the Nokia Tube, hence the price drops.  But it did work ok on att 3g, wifi worked,  the lock ups and freezing was not acceptable for a phone that cost $500.
This is a nice case.  It's not the smooth leather I was expecting but I still really like it.  I've found it very easy to get my iphone 3G out of the case by simply pinching the bottom like the instructions show.  But since I bought my iphone I've been looking for a case that I could clip onto my purse or a belt loop and I haven't found one.  So I finally gave up and made one.  I bought the Sena UltraSlim Pouch and the Smart Clip Cell Phone Caddy Holder from As Seen On TV (thru Amazon) and superglued them together.  I've made the perfect holder for the iphone...at least for me.
Does exactly what I would expect.  It just works!  Easy to pair with my Blackberry 8830, plenty of volume from the speaker.  People I call do not complain about voice quality so must be good enough!  Only slight negative is only included charging solution is a 12V car charger but Amazon does have a AC to 12V converter for about $12.  So far I have not bought it, claimed stand by time of 200 hours seems real so do not have to charge very often.  Auto shut off after 15 minutes of no blue-tooth connect helps save the battery.
This looked like an interesting and relatively low-cost option for my wife's car/cell phone, since she hasn't found a bluetooth headset that fits her ear comfortably.  Unfortunately, we cannot get this unit to pair with any of three cell phones (iPhone 3G, two new Nokias).  It goes into pairing mode as advertised, but none of our phones can find it (they all find all of the headsets and computers we have tried pairing with other than this unit).  Makes this rather useless, and I would strongly suggest testing your phone against one of these before ordering.Also disappointed in the lack of a USB or AC charger.  My fault for not noticing that this only comes with a car charger - not very convenient for how we typically charge.No issues with the merchant - quickly shipped and delivered just fine.  The low rating here is about the speakerphone, not the merchant.
I've been buying and trying different blutetooth stereo headsets supporting the A2DP profile, in search of the perfect one.  The form factor on this one is just about the best.  The dogtag chain relieves strain from the earbuds and can be hidden discreetly under your shirt.  The earbuds are designed to loop behind your neck, which is at first a bit odd, but makes a lot of sense.  The headset profile sounds pretty good and the A2DP profile is good but not excellent-- the bass is rather weak.  I pair with the Sony TMR-BT8iP on my iphone to connect to the A2DP profile.In contrast, I also have the Sony DRBT21G/B headset -- the sound there is richer but it is bulky and dorky looking when going to the gym.Overall, I'm quite pleased with this item but only give it 4 stars because the stereo sound could be better.
I don't have much to say, beyond what's already been said.I would like to point out that the notification noises(played through the headphones) are LOUD!  It hurts my ears every time I turn it on and off.  Maybe, after a few months of everyday use, my hearing will degrade to the point that it doesn't hurt anymore. I certainly hope not.  The only solution I've been able to find so far is to hold them away from my ears when turning them on and off.  Very annoying.
It took longer to take out of the package than to set it up with my phone.  Very easy, very intuitive - I barely looked at the instuctions.  Works great with my Sprint Touch phone, can skip back/ahead tracks, pause and take a call.  Love that I can use my own earbuds - I like to switch them out if I'm exercising so as not to mess up my good pair.Update - I used the 3030 for a while, and it always worked as it should.  I ended up not liking how long the earbud cords would be and that I still had an object around me that might as well have been my mp3 player/phone.  Since I typically keep my phone in my pocket, it wasn't that helpful for me to have the wireless distance from it.  Would be better for someone who keeps their phone in their purse or at the gym on the treadmill.
This stereo bluetooth device works well but there are corded ear buds and a chain, so you have things hanging all over you when using it.  I needed a stereo bluetooth device because my Verizon XV6800 won't play audio through the bluetooth, except phone calls, with a mono device.  I chose this one because the controls are easy to see and use.  I've had trouble in the past remembering how to use the controls on devices that sit on my ear.  This one is very easy to use, but I don't like the cables that have to link the device to my ears.  I'll probably switch to something that goes around my head sometime in the future.  However, if you don't mind the cables, this device works well.  I use it primarily to listen to recorded books.  When a call comes in, it switches automatically.  Sound quality is great.
I purchased this to use at work.  I work all day on a PC and like to listen to the music loaded on my BlackBerry.  The cord from my ears to my BlackBerry was always getting in my way.  I didn't want to be connected by wires to it (I have pulled it off the desk a few times) but I still wanted to be able to skip through my music.The Jabra BT 3030 was exactly what I needed.  I wear it around my neck and use retractable ear buds to limit the cord mess.  I love being able to pause, play, skip forward or back without having to touch my phone.  It even works great to attach my work badge too.The music sounds great.  And I have used it for phone calls too, with no complaints.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great way to listen to their music without having to be attached to your music.
THE PHOTO IS NOT OF THE PRODUCT ADVERTISED!!! The charger is wonderful and is, in fact, a "rapid charger" (unlike some advertised as such that take 3 hours in the car to get your charge back. I run THREE of these at once for my Droid and my two Blackberries and they both charge fully in under an hour when drained completely! It IS OEM and not a "fake" or "knock-off". This is a real, quality, Motorola accessory and I highly recommend it!
As another reviewer mentioned, the iphone adapter becomes stressed and breaks over time. Mine lasted about 6 months, and I'm very gentle with my electronics. The plastic release tabs on the side both broke, and then the main clamshell came apart. I really like the CallPod because it allows charging of our Blackberry, cell phone, and iphone all at the same location with only one plug in the wall. But the quality of this adapter isn't that great.Written by Arthur Bradley, author of the "Handbook to Practical Disaster Preparedness for the Family."
Bought this to use with my iPhone 3GS. When I plugged it in, I got the 'not for iPhone' charging message. Sure enough, it doesn't charge properly. The problem is that, even when I've taken care to make sure it's securely seated, it won't consistently charge, so there's no telling with any certainty when you unplug your phone in the morning, that it'll be charged.Callpod charges my old LG phone, my husband's Blackberry and my Nintendo DS, all flawlessly.  This adapter was a bust. Haven't tried it with my husband's iPod Touch, so can't say how it works for that device.
I bought this set base on a lot of reviews saying it charge their Ipods. What I didn't realized is what kind of ipod they have, they might have a 3G nano as we know won't work with 4G nano. I tried the car charger, it works but can not play and charge at the same time. For the house charger it doesn't. I look at the label and it say compatible with ipod 3G. However the product description says compatible with 3G, 4G nano, etc. I bought this to enable me to charge without having my computer running. The car charger is important if you are in your car for a long period of time charging without playing. Not worth returning, the postage cost more than the items.
Neither of these chargers worked with any of the ipods in our house -- not the iPod touch, not the iPhone, and not the iPod Classics.It has been my experience with off-brand chargers that sometimes they will actually be charging even though the charge light does not light and sometimes that the item will work if you wiggle the connection or throw salt over your shoulder while attempting to get it to work.  Nothing made these work.I left each item connected for between 8-24 hours, each, to find out if any of the ipods charged and they didn't.
The wall charger, car charger, and USB cable are each in a sealed plastic bag without any additional packaging - no clam shell or cardboard box.  The quality is definitely not top-notch.  But, then again, the price is right and it works!The wall charger works well.  There is even a red light when you plug the charger into the wall.  Unlike other reviewsers, I am happy to report that my iPod Touch 2nd Generation was fully functional while it was charging.  The wall charger was also compatible with Apple's USB cable.I have not tried the car charger but I will mainly use the wall charger so I am not in that much of a hurry to test it out.  I highly recommend this inexpensive and useful product.
This is an excellent value. You can charge your iPod/iPhone from a 12 volt lighter plug or with the ac to usb charger. A handy retractable usb cord is included in the kit. Works very well with my iPod Touch. The 12 volt charger keeps my iPod's charge topped up and let's me listen to an entire audiobook without losing power just as the story gets interesting. Both chargers also work well with other devices that charge through the usb port. I charge my bluetooth headset and my extra battery packs with these chargers.
I bought this because "others" bought it with the case I purchased. It was one of those last minute "checkout" decisions. I should have read the reviews better. Worked for a day after I received it then my 4th Gen iPod touch gives a message the charger isnt supported. The reviews are a little scary. The last thing I want is to fry my iPod. Not sure if I will bother returning it considering the price. I will probably keep the retractable cable and toss the chargers.
Tired of having to turn on my computer to recharge my iPod, I decided to check Amazon for a charger instead of buying it at a local retailer. Boy am I glad I did - a charger, car adapter, and retractable USB all for less then $10 including shipping. I use the retractable USB charger when synching my iPod since my dogs tend to come investigate whatever I am doing and get tangled in the cord. Not so with the retractable one.I got a second set for my office/travel so that I can recharge for the ride on my long commute home. It is a definite must have for iPod users.
These are complete cheaters. First of all, the charger never fit my N73 phone slot. Secondly, after I wrote my 1st review criticisizing the product, they called me up saying that they will send me a new replacement charger and I should remove my negative feedback from Amazon. I waited for almost 3 weeks and the charger never showed up. I tried calling the same number from where I got the call, and no response.Complete waste of money, waste of time and a useless product which I had to trash in 10 minutes after I received it.
I think this product is exactly what you see in the picture. It is the same head-set that you would get when you purchase a brand-new Blackberry. They have a different jack-size, and if you owned a Blackberry you know what I am talking about (for those who don't, it is a standard size headphone jack, and not the smaller size). It is perfect because you pay only a few dollars here instead of more than 5 times what you would pay at a retail store. Why pay their 500% mark-up when you don't have to. I feel also that these headsets are far better than any bluetooth because in a bluetooth you can only hear the person in one ear, while here you can hear them crystal clear in both! Plus bluetooth is far more expense if you are going to get a decent pair. I highly recommend these headsets to any Blackberry user.
I bought these for VERY cheap thinking that they would last a little while and then I would go out ansd spend some real money on headphones......  Well, I have had these for I think over a year now and they still work great!  I use them mainly for talking on the phone while driving and have been told people don't even notice I'm using them.  I still have two pairs (only because I threw one pair in a fit of rage) and they work perfectly.  The sound quality for music isn't great but if you want good sound quality, you're going to have to spend some money.Overall, these are great headphones and I would highly recommend.
I absolutely despise the thin scraggly cords that come with corded headphones and earphones. I always catch them on something and that yanks the phones off my ears. So, I bought these for my iPod Touch on sale at a big box electronics retailer about 3 years ago.The sound quality on these phones is crystal clear. Background "hiss" is almost undetectable at normal listening levels. Sibilance is spot-on, and voices are loud and clear. It is lacking a little in the bass frequencies, but that to me is an acceptable tradeoff for not having the cord.Battery life after all this time is excellent, and with occasional use I only have to charge it once a month or so.The set is also a hands-free device for your cell phone, and people I have called with it say they have no problem hearing me. I hear them just fine.This is a great value in lower-end bluetooth headsets!
If you're looking for the ultimate impact protection for your BlackBerry Curve, this is the case to have.  Yes, it's bulky and isn't for the pocket phone carrier.  But, if you are a business traveler, field tech, outdoor worker, etc. this is a must-have.  The case fits snugly to the phone all around, allowing normal access to buttons and great protection for the open ports.The holster is much stronger than I expected, with high impact plastic and a strong ratcheting swivel clip.  It stays in place and is easy to slide the phone into without having to look at the holster.  The magnet in the holster also turns off your screen for you to save batteries and prevent accidental button presses.I can throw my phone into my travel bag and not worry.  I have dropped my phone twice since having this case, and I can't even find a mark where the case hit the ground.  OtterBox for the win!
This product definitely provides unsurpassed protection. I have two small complaints. First, the plastic inner cover does not have a hole for the camera. So the pictures look blurry through the plastic. But you don't really have to put the plastic on, like the manufacturer suggests. Second, it is a little too bulky. But I'm getting used to it. All and all, it is a good product. One last thing, if you are looking at this particular OtterBox, there is another one by a different seller for almost $20 cheaper. I wish I had seen the other one. Oh well.
I've read reports of this case not fitting properly for the 8330 specifically but it worked fine for my 8330 example. There are some minor diferences between the other 8300 models and the 8330 but again my case actually fit fine. Makes the BlackBerry VERY Robust! Adds a little bit to the form factor but not enough to outweigh the protection. If you need the most protection available for an 8300 series this is it bar none. The clear plastic will blur the camera some I've noticed; you probably could cut out around the lens and get the clearness back without risking too much. I'm leaving mine sealed up the way it is. I need every ounce of protection this thing provides.
There are no problems whatsoever when it comes to the use and whether the charger works. It does charge and works just fine.However, the only drawback I have with this product is mainly my fault, but to others it's just a warning:The wires on the charger are flimsy and easy to break. I have this charger plugged into a surge protector that sits on the floor, and it broke while I was moving some appliances around. Also, through wear and tear through traveling, the wires are vulnerable to snapping.I'm not sure if other Samsung chargers have a stronger wire, but if not, I hope future chargers improve on the strength of wires.
I am not sure how somebody can screw up a simple audio cable extender cable, but these guys have done it. It is impossible to create a solid connection both inside the iPhone and when connecting the headphone jack. Once everything is snuggly plugged in, the slightest rotation/jerk of the cable in the iphone produces hiss and loss of contact. Same goes for the headphone jack. It's like these things are made not to maintain a continuous contact where they're supposed to have a contact. Avoid at all costs.
I'm not sure how long this worked for...my girlfriend noticed that when she pushed the connection slightly, the bass would suddenly get richer....tested on a Nano and an iPhone 4S. Disappointing but it's a super-cheap cable so....I missed the Amazon claim window by 2 weeks but Eforcity only covers this for 30 days. Where other companies would send out a replacement, no questions asked, this company does not. Buyer beware.NOTE: the connector did fit into the iPhone even with the case on, which was why I purchased it to begin with.
There is no way that these were originally $70 headphones.  Yes, I liked them for a while and worked great with the iPhone. Sound was pretty good and great for call.  Then they suddenly just stopped working on the one ear, wire looked connected fine, I was able to wiggle it to get some sounds for a little while, but overall it just died.  Not pleased that I now have to buy some new ones and disappointed that these just did not last for even a year.
The end that plugs into the device, it not at a right angle, it stick out, and when wearing my phone on my waist the wire is being pulled upward.  Needless to say, about 5 weeks after receiving them the wire inside the connector, or rater right where it sticks out, broke.  Wiggle it just right and I get sound in both earns, if not only 1 ear gets sound.  I returned these for credit and bought a pair of Motorola S305 Bluetooth headphones, and I could not be happier.  Skip this product, you'll thank me later once you did.
First of all, I really like these headphones.  Having a remote and mic is now a requirement for all headphones I buy - and these meet the that bar.  They sound great, a bit bass heavy, but that is fine.  For the price ($20), they are an excellent value.  Now the downside - they are not durable.  Every six months or so, they stop working.  I send them back to Maximo and they send me a new pair.  I guess you get what you pay for - but I wish they lasted a bit longer.  If you are willing to go through the hassle, Maximo's customer support is great.
The unit works boosting weak cell phone signals.If you are in a area with a fairly strong signal, the data rate seemed to be slower when using the booster. I would attribute this to the inherent signal delay introduced by the booster - which probably does not affect voice calls, so don't expect higher data rates when using the booster with a data card. On the other hand, when using a data card where the external signal is VERY weak, the data card was unable to keep a reliable data connection, but the signal was still usable for a voice connection.
I have tested this device pretty extensively for work and home. Some observations:1) If the signal is fairly strong without the booster, the booster *seems* to actually slow down data transfer speeds. I don't know if it's because you're inserting one more "relay" between the cell tower and the wireless device, but I have tested ths scenario in various places and the results appear to be fairly consistent.2) If you are in a place with no signal or a very, very weak signal, the device will almost never help.3) The scenarios where the device works best are the ones where you have one and maybe two bars and have dropped or very poor quality calls. There is no doubt that in at least some scenarios like these, the device will improve the signal to the point where you may be able to make and keep a call.This device is not a silver bullet, but it can help in certain scenarios.
This product is great. Little pricey but well worth the money. I work in South Texas in the Oilfield we have this particular product in about 55 worktrucks and it works as advertised. Sometimes we only have one or two bars and it boosts my iphone to full bars and 3g. i experienced less lag using facetime or looking up stuff on safari. It doesn't matter what service provider,Sprint, Verizon or AT&T it is 800 MHz 1900 MHz compatible. A great, great product. This will boost multiple phones or 3G iPads. Also have seen it do great for the iPhone 5 on 4g as well. You will not be disappointed. Unless you live in a real remote area.
I was deep in the upper Mojave Desert.  I've been to remote places like this and have not had any reception.  When I pressed this into service I had 4 full bars of service in the middle of nowhere.  I would however would advise that anyone considering the purchase of this kit, instead purchase the one with the cell phone antenna cradle instead of the bar antenna.  It's the black item on the right.  It is necessary to have that antenna as close to the phone as possible to achieve the highest performance.  So the universal cell phone cradle antenna serves that purpose much better.  I also have used this amplifier in town, and it shines when I get to areas where I've had weak signals in the past.  This booster kit works wonders.  It's highly recommended.
The armband is hard and is exact fit for my iPhone 3GS. That seems to be a good news; but it makes it quite hard to put iPhone inside and take it out. Would not recommend if you are going to swap your phone in and out frequently. Also once phone is in, there is no way to access volume buttons. Only way to control volume is through the screen and that is absolutely not convenient. Overall, its good enough for its price; but I wouldn't have mind paying a bit more and getting a better band.
I really love the part of this mount that holds my iPhone. It has adjustable friction (ball and socket) that makes it easy to rotate into landscape format and back. The clamp opens and closes easily and holds the phone securely - even with the phone in a case. The opening at the bottom allows you to easily connect a car charger. The stiff goose neck allows you to place the phone just where you want it.Unfortunately, the suction cup is too small and too stiff to support the weight of the phone. I tried a number of different mounting locations on the windshield and tried using the adapter to attach it to the dash, but it would always fall off - usually very quickly.Now that I've attached the suction cup to the dashboard with silicon sealant, I'm pretty happy with this solution. Unfortunately, it's literally stuck there until I decide to remove it permanently.
ive had the mount for a couple weeks and so far it works great. I read some of the other reviews saying it shakes which i dont know how you could avoid that since the whole car is moving. it hasent fallen down or anything. So far it does what it says. it is cheap but thats to be expected for the price. my only complaint was putting it together was annoying. other then that it really is FINE I sell these at my job that are the same quality for 30$ or more so really its not THAT bad.
this case is a perfect fit. It snaps right into place and doesn't move one bit. You have clear touch to all your buttons, at least  I do. It does come with a belt clip which is optional to put on. You have one screw to hook it up onto the case. this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip. I haven't tried to take off the case from the phone. So I don't know if it will come off nicely or breaking in the process, I hope not to find out. Either way, for the price of this case, it's hard not to praise it.
The case looked great and snapped on tight.  But the minute I snapped it on, I realized, that I needed to remove the microSD card from the phone, copy some files on it and put it back.  It is nearly impossible to remove the card from Centro without removing the battery cover first (what clever engineer at Palm thought THAT would be a good idea?!?!? definitely not a usability expert).  So... hmmm.... yeah... eventually couple of days later a fearless friend of mine pried it open with his extremely sharp almost surgical quality blade.  He did not break it, but said that the case will not survive if I had to open it on a regular basis.  So - its a great case if you never need to open the battery cover.  If you do need to open it - look for a different case.
This is basically a very cheap plastic case.. if you want to be cheap... go for it. The case always unsnaps itself randomly for no good reason. You have to somehow put it on just the right amount to get it not to unsnap. However, you still can easily unsnap the case off and I'm just glad the phone hasn't fallen out yet. The swivel clip is also very very hard to press down and take out the phone... You are going to have to have your fingers pushing on both ends of the clip in order to get the phone out of the clip. This is annoying when trying to answer a call or trying to get to a text message. The only pro about this product is that it's cheap.
This item was recommended as a piggyback purchase when I purchased a Plantronics Voyager Pro+ bluetooth headset.  It was advertised as a desktop charging stand for the headset.  Apparently, it's a base for the Voyager 510 charger (the old, first Voyager that Plantronics introduced, which I owned light-years ago in technology time).  The Pro+ fits awkwardly in it (tight fit) and the base does not come with a charger (although the picture shows a cord attached to it).  It's just a desktop weight and the Voyager Pro+'s charger does not fit.  When you jam it in there, the base does not sit flat and rolls around on the desk.  It does not stand vertically.  In sum, it's a rather expensive paperweight that advertises Plantronics.  Thanks for nothing and i hope it helps some of you save your money.
CAUTION:  To get an entire product usable on your device you are likely to have to deal with TWO, maybe MORE, separate vendors, shipments, multiple shipping charges, and hard to find specs on what tip fits what Exactly which devices.  NO ONE cares enough to really help you out.  Returns of some part(s) are likely, and add more to cost and to your wait for a fully functional product.  It is NOT the product, it is the AMAZON and SUB-VENDOR system that creates a mess.I would avoid this product like poison!
I am sad to say this product only does half of what I was told it would do. Unless mine is just messed up, it charges with a USB cable to your computer but does not sync. Also is also another minor problem...there are no 2 color LEDs to show charging or fully charged. The front LED is white and stays that way as long as it is plugged in no matter if the phone is in the cradle or out of the cradle, as well as if it is charging or fully charged. (I thought that this might be because I was charging using the USB cable so I tried the plug and still white). Overall it looks good but the 3 stars are because it doesn't sync which even on the BB site it says it will do.
I had high expectation for this headphone since I owned one Etymotic before and liked it. Once I got it, I put it on my phone and the plug didn't work properly. The headphone kept disconnecting and reconnecting back with phone while I was walking my dog. First, I thought it might be my phone since it is about two years old. So I put it on my boyfriend's phone (Galaxy SIII) and magic happened... The headpone doesn't fit in completely and I had to push it to get connected. So disappointed and returning it, waiting for UPS pick-up.
The box was really impressive, I was really shocked at the presentation of the headphones, until I tried getting it out of the box, it took some work just to use it.Once out, it was pretty straight forward, plug right into my iPhone started playing music and the sound was great, overall, the set is a bit heavier than the Apple headphones, but the sound has more depth.I also made calls using the headset and it works as expected, the click of the microphone answers the call.  The person on the other end of the conversation didn't complain about hearing me and felt the quality was good for being a hanging microphone.I've been experimenting with the different earpieces to find the ones that will provide the most comfort for the 8-10 hours that I have them in.
What a great product this is!!!  Perfect clarity, small package, sweet all around, I can find nothing bad to say about 'Etymotic Research HF2 Hands-Free Earphones / Headset'.  If you are looking for a compact solution for listening to MP3s from your iPod or phone this is a wonderful product.  Pricey? Yes but you get what you pay forHeadphones come with lots of other replacement ear buds as well, this is sonic marvel that will blow you away!***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I find that I have to change the foam every few weeks in order to maintain fit and achieve maximum quality.  The sound quality is amazing, except for the lows.  As others have mentioned, the bass is lacking in this pair.  I originally had a pair of Shure e3c which I found to be overall better than these.  Even the Shure case was better.  I wanted to try these out because of all the raving reviews.  While they are very good earphones, the Shure's may be better.
After taking some time to find the right fit, (this is the hardest part)I now cannot wait to put these back on. The sound is crisp, I am a old time rock & roller, like my music good & loud. This headset does the trick.Take the time to adjust. I read a few of the reviews that said hard to fit. I disagree. Even in the instructions, they recommend adjusting to get the perfect fit. Believe me, you will know when you do.I would buy again.
I have have purchased two pairs of these headphones in the past 3 years.  The first pair was replaced twice through the warranty.  Both times it was for the exact same problem: it would lose the sound in one of the channels.  This was caused by the weak connection between the 3.5mm jack and the cord.  If that cord got bent around at all, which is unavoidable, it would eventually short out one of the stereo channels.  Luckily the headphones come with a very good warranty and they replaced them both times.  The third time it happened I just bought another pair.On the the headphones performance: The sound is excellent and the noise isolation even better.  You can block out the rest of the world easily; which is very good since I ride a noisy commuter train every day.  The inline iPhone/smart phone controls work wonderfully.  The microphone in the headset does a very good job of picking up my voice and blocking out background noise.
I ordered this product after lots of research, but still without expecting much in the way of it actually working. I had just disconnected my home phone and moved it to a cell phone in order to keep the number and save money. It was frustrating not being able to always hear the phone and I didn't want to keep moving it all the time. Got the XLink, which is way smaller than I thought it was going to be - thankfully. Plugged it in, got my cell phone to sync with the unit. It works FABULOUS! All my cordless phones throughout the house work perfectly. No interference or static. Incredible product and so thrilled that I ordered it. Now I have the best of both worlds - a lower phone bill AND house phones. Definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Easy to set up and connects easily and automatically to my cell phone (Samsung Galaxy S4). I haven't tried using multiple cell lines. I love that the land-line phone rings like a regular land line, and I love that I can dial out with an antique rotary phone. It's like it's 1950 again at my desk. But the audio quality is substandard, which seems to be a real issue with Bluetooth; I've had many Bluetooth headsets and almost all of them have bad audio. How difficult can it be, when phone audio is so limited in the bandwidth it needs? It's not like 7-channel movie audio or something. The audio improves after the first few seconds of the call, for whatever reason, and people at the other end sometimes comment on the &#34;bad connection&#34; and sometimes don't. So maybe it's like 1950 again in terms of the audio quality too.
I got this,and set it up easily. At FIRST,it seemed great- I hate holding the cell phone,and I could use my old cordless phones,and answer them easily. SOund could be a bit staticky,but I could live with that...HOWEVER.... AFter 2-3 months of use, it is SO glitchy. It works randomly,usually not working at all,even though the blue lights show it is supposed to be paired.  ***At first,I wrote this review about how I disliked this- but I figured out that if I unplug it, and plug it back in after 30 seconds,it reboots and works properly again. AFter having it for a year+, I have had to do this about every month or so. Once I got that down, no problem-it's great! so, if you don't mind doing this,it's a good option.
The Xlink BT Bluetooth Gateway is extremely easy to use and set up. Everything should be this easy. You can connect up to three Blueooth enabled cell phones to the unit. Calls are very clear and static free, just be sure you place the unit and your cell phone in an area of your house where you get a good cell phone signal. The more bars, the better. Also, be sure to place your cell phone close to the Xlink, again, the closer the better. All I can say is WOW! One drawback... caller ID will show the phone number but not the callers name. It shows the caller's name as XLink. It could be just my phones though and not the Xlink.
I'm starting school at Berkeley this fall. I have iPhone 4 which I use A LOT in college. However, it's impossible to charge my iPhone on campus. So I bought this portable battery. Then my phone last all day long!!! From 8:00am to 7:00pm, still have 60%. And the iTorch? I just use it to charge my phone for 30mins. It stills shows a full battery. I charge this iTorch once a week or every two weeks. It really holds a lot of juice.PROS:Stylish outfit, with a LED light built-in, which can function as a flashlight. Can charge iPad& Galaxy Tab, they need a higher current which other brands doesn't have.CONS:The laser pointer can be activated by accident (only 1-click of a button) and shoot the laser into eyes. But I never accidentally activated the laser pointer....Need to add an extra adapter cable before charging galaxy tab.Does not come with a wall charger.
This product deserves five stars because it delivers what it was made for: Charge!Pros:It holds a great amount of charge; it charges fast and it comes with everything you need. And it has a nice, cool, elegant and sturdy design.Cons:None so far.Applications:You will be able to charge any USB chargeable gadget; I've use it to charge my iPhone; giving me more talk time throughout my day, my kids iPod and iPad mini to give them a longer boost when need it, my Canon camera to keep taking pictures and videos of my son's Baseball games and practices, and now my son's new RC helicopter which comes with a USB cable so don't have to use the remote to charge it. And as an extra, it comes with a led light and laser beam to help in the dark and/or daylight. This gadget its pretty handy.
The New Trent battery pack is lightweight and small, and works easily and well.  My only beef with it is that the 5000mAh rating may not be accurate.  I compared it to a Zaggsparc 2.0, which is rated to same capacity, and the Zaggsparc clearly carries more "juice."  However, Zagg's product is more than twice the cost!  So, for my money, this is the better buy.  The charging cables it uses can be a bit more cumbersome than some other options out there, but the cable is retractable, which is nice, and again, it's a much better price.  If you're looking for something to extend the usable battery life of your smartphone, this is what you want.
This is one of the "handiest" external battery chargers I have seen on the market. Not only does it complete two full charge cycles on the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S2 and one full charge on the Kindle Fire, but it is designed to comfortably fit in the palm of your hand. The LED flashlight is a nice added touch and the laser pointer is great when making presentations. It would be even better if it had an additional 2.1 amp port, but this might effect the "handiness" of the design if it increased the thickness and weight of the device. As it is designed now, I am able to hold both the iTorch and my smartphone in the palm of my hand while charging. Overall, this is a "must have" for all smart phone users.
I carry many portable devices and sometimes I'm away from the office or home all day long. It's nice to have this charged and ready to go in case of emergencies. The charge capacity is great for it's size. It's perfect for my iPhone 5, 4G hot spot, and iPad. Probably not fully charging all three on one charge, but enough to last me the day. I don't use the laser pointer or the flashlight at all, though it's nice to know I have it in a pinch. I don't use it everyday. When I do need it, it's great.
I had this product for 2 weeks now. I loved the packaging and the way the product is placed inside.I had a smile on my face when I was using this device because not only do I have a portable external battery, it also has a built in laser and Led light. (which are like the three things I always use and having them all in one device is a plus.) It is also very affordable.Pros:-light weight-has a high capacity for its size-slim profile and comes with a protective pouch.-I like the double press laser activation (kids have been chasing the red dot like cats :D)Cons:-I think the activation of the led light could have been better.-It would charge higher capacity devices slower, but then again maybe its because other devices have a high capacity storage.For its price, its doing a great job and my sister loves it too.
Update 03-04-2014Everyone should have one of these. It's come in handy so many times, especially for people whom travel a lot for business or pleasure. I love that it is a USB charger as it can be used for any such device that supports such. Would I like it to charge longer? Who wouldn't? One full cell phone charge is more than tolerable for the size/price.Original review:If you're looking for the simplest of conveniences, look no further. This product does exactly what you need it to do which is charge your phone one full charge where you may not be able otherwise.Elegant design, simple operation. Fits comfortably in your pocket or purse. Built in LED flashlight and Laser Pointer are a plus. Great peace of mind product!FYI, I get 1/2 a charge on my iPad from this device and a full charge on my ipod.
I've used other external chargers, and the iTorch is much more compact and fits well in the hand. The battery also holds more charge. Overall, it's quite easy to use, with standard USB and micro USB adapters (no proprietary plugs which is a good thing). There is no AC adapter, but I have plenty of those so didn't find that to be a major drawback.The LED light is useful to gauge how much charge is left. The laser pointer is a fun toy, although I didn't find much practical use for it and the flashlight is not bright enough to use for anything other than a tiny bit of light in a pinch (similar in intensity to the backlight of your phone).The one drawback is that there's only one USB slot so you can only charge one phone at a time, but apparently this was intentional to extend the battery life. Overall, a solid battery and one that I'd buy again.
First Impressions:-Look a lot better than the other chargers in the market-Comes with a protective storage casePros:-Perfectly sized to fit into the media pockets of laptop bags and also fits perfectly into the palm of your hand-Charged my Droid X twice and put 1/2 charge on my Samsung Admire before needing a recharge-1/2 way charged my Tab 2 while data logging my vehicle and the screen dimmed a bit.-Comes with a LED light and laser pointer.Cons:Literally none that I am able to findOverall:The laser pointer is great for harassing the cat and in a pinch the LED light would be useful.  I own 3 of this guys big brother and keep them everywhere from the waverunner to my camping bag.  This one is the best yet for personal travel as it is not bulky and seamlessly blends in with the rest of the gadgets in the laptop bag.
The iTorch is a fantastic addition to the the Newtrent collection. I would highly recommend it. As a tennis player, it is nice to know that I can toss the charger into my bag while its connected to my phone, so that as I play tennis, that my phone will be in the process of being charged. Or I could leave it in my car or my backpack. The point is that due to the sleek and smaller size, I can take this everywhere without worrying about the bulk of the larger capacity battery. I know my women friends would appreciate having one of these in their bags, definitely my girlfriend who always seem to be out of battery on her iphone. The addition of the laser pointer and light feature are great bonuses. I do hope that in the future there are dedicated buttons for these features. Other than that, if you need a small portable battery since you are a person that is always on the go. I would highly definitely pick this battery up.
This thing is awsome!!  I use it for my iphone 4 and I don't know how I lived without it! I keep it with me when I'm on the go with no charger around. On my first full charge, I was able to successfully charge me iphone 4 from 20% to full about 3 times.  From my experience it takes about 1 hour for every 20% to charge.My only wish is that it came with a cable or a somewhat, built it cable. Or at least a case that can carry both the battery and an iphone cable.
As a college kid I am constantly on the go and my iPhone's battery takes a beating. For christmas I received this portable battery and it has already saved me on numerous occasions. It is great how small it is as I can put it in my pocket or can quickly charge my phone up in one of my backpack pockets. It is really quick and am amazed at how I can charge my phone up twice on it. It does take a long to charge the battery pack but what I recommend is to charge it overnight along side your phone. I charge it on a dual usb hub with my iPhone so when I leave in the morning I can grab both without forgetting one or the other. It is a great product that I highly recommend and many people have been impressed with its abilities. Looking forward to more from this company!
Life with the iTorch 5200 is VERY easy for someone on the go. Ive had it for at least a year. The charger is pocket size. It keeps at least 3 full charges for my iphone 4 or 5 (I upgraded), but thats not all... it also charges my iPad mini air and my Jaybird headphones! THATS RIGHT!!... if you have a USB connection, you are going to get your device charged. Even better is that it doesnt weigh anything. If its in my work bag, backpack on a hike, or in my kid's diaper bag... I dont have to worry about if my stuff has been charged. WAIT theres more! Charging the iTorch 5200 only takes 30-40 min. I havent timed it but considering it taked my iphone and ipad at least an hour to to charge, time well spent! What are you waiting for... buy it. Heck, I'm sold on buying another writing this =p
Overall, the New Trent iTorch is an excellent way to extend battery life when a charger may not be accessible. The extended battery pack is extremely easy to operate and packs quite a punch. I have charged my iPhone 5 off of it a couple times without needing to charge it. Once it runs out of juice, charging times are minimal while charging it off of my iPad 4 wall charger.The laser pointer is extremely bright and fun to use when playing with the pets! The flashlight could be a little brighter, but it does the job. Overall, this is an excellent solution to any battery life issues you may have. As of this review, I have not come across anything I dislike about the product. It works exactly as advertised.
The unit is very nice looking out of the box, but the case seems to get scuffed / scratched very easily after some time in my backpack. I really like the small, compact, size of this device.  Even with the small size, this pack still charges my iPhone 5 well over two times - that's the main purpose, so you can't complain.  It's the most portable New Trent device that I own.  The on/off power button seems to stick a bit when you try to power the device on.  It will usually turn on the second attempt.  Would it be possible to improve this switch to allow it to slide back and forth?  I would rate this device a 4.5 out of 5, and the only complain being the power button.  This provides an excellent amount of power for $40.
As someone who uses his cell phone constantly, I'm always looking for portable power. I love my 4.5" screen on my phone, but it does drain the battery rather quickly. If I'm out and about, there's no way I'm getting through a full day on a single charge. The iTorch is just the thing I need to keep me connected. The small sleek size is perfect for my pocket allowing me to bring it anywhere I go. It's by far the smallest portable batteries I have and I love it. Plus the built-in flashlight is a nice extra feature. It also has a laser pointer but since I don't have cats I probably won't use it.
I do like that I can recharge my phone up all the way with this unit.Being a geek I don't read the directions, keep that in mind, I'd much rather explore than read.Getting use to how the &#34;power on/off/laser/LED Flashlight&#34; button is a trick for me.This button dose work and has a nice subdued snap feel.Hold the button down for a second or two to do one thing, just press it quick and it turns on something else.Me I'd like a little thing like this to have more switches, BUT that is just me.I might get more than two, I want to have one in my bag to just to give to someone in need of power....I might get one or two more as my need for power goes up, yes I might get power hungry!
I like the size of this battery.  It is easily pocket-able and feels sturdy enough to withstand the occasional drop.  The flashlight is a nice touch but it would be nice to see a dedicated switch for the flashlight.  The surface of the battery is very close to a matte black finish that helps with not showing fingerprints.  The battery seems to charge my iPhone without any issues.  It's nice that New Trent has included a charging cable with the device so you can just use your iPhone wall charger or PC for charging.
The IMP52D took 105 minutes to fully charge of my iphone 4 from 34%. It costs half of the charger power(2 LED lights out of 4 were off). I would suggest that the battery pack should contain its own wall charger. The charger can charge iphone 4 two times only. As far as I know, iPhone 4 battery capacity is 1420mah so the itorch could charge the cell 3 times. So I would suggest to improve the battery power on this version. But overall, I like it and I will rate (4), if it could charge more times, I would rate it (5) stars.
This charger is simply the best. I use it with my iPhone 5 and it works flawlessly. I'm getting almost 3 charges before the iTorch needs to be recharged. Never again will I worry about being stranded with a dead phone. Don't hesitate to buy one!UPDATE 4/7/13 - Unfortunately, I spoke too soon. In my enthusiasm I purchased a second charger shortly thereafter and that unit was DOA (would not turn on after a full charge). Since I still had faith in New Trent, I ordered a third charger and this one was also DOA. In all only 1 out of 3 chargers performed as expected. Very disappointed.
This is a great fully integrated product. Wish it was thinner in size, but hey, you can't have it all - there needs to be size for the battery itself! For someone that needs to have a small protable charging unit, this is a must buy. The built in laser pointer is awesome and it feels really good when used as a laser pointer. The built in light is really handy when the power goes out or for emergency lighting situations such as trying to find a key hole at night. Wish it had a mini USB port, but it does come with a standard USB as well as a micro USB port that it can be charged from. This unit is small enough to carry in my iPad bag and provides enough power to last a day on the road. It can be charged almost anywhere. Highly recommended for the mobile worker.
I've had the pleasure of using this products for a view days now, and I really enjoy using this.I would like to see the cables built in like some of their other products, but love the fact that there are cables included with a small carrying pouch.I would also like to see a built in outlet charger, although I love the smaller size of the product.I was able to charge my Droid Razr to 100% and still had 2 lights left on the charger.  So I could probably get close to another full charge of the Razr before needing to recharge this unit.  I don't do alot of traveling but always want to be prepared, I really could have used this last year when the power went out for a couple days, and the only way I could charge things was via my car charger.  This would have been so great to have on hand then.  I have numerous products from this company, so everyone in my family will have one in case of emergencies.
This is a great mobile charger for cell phones and portable devices like the first and second generation iPads.  Note that the output is 1A, so it isn't powerful enough to charge larger devices, like the third generation iPad or the Kindle Fire that require 2.1A for charging.This mobile charger is small and compact and will provide multiple charges for your USB device.  Also note that this charger has one USB port, where some chargers have two.If compact size is important to you and you have a smaller device that only requires a 1A charge, this is a very practical mobile charger for you.
I had been monitoring larger mobile chargers to replace my old Kensington and came across the New Trent iTorch. What grabbed me is the combination of mobile charger, flashlight AND laser pointer. You can find a lot of units with the flashlight, but the integrated laser pointer is pretty rare and eliminates the need for yet another gadget.Pros:-Nice fit and finish-Good form, feels good in the hand-Tested 2.5 full charges on my iPhone 5...so right in line with expectations.Cons:-Weakish flashlight. Not that I was expecting a true flashlight, but maybe something a little brighter.-Switching on the flashlight vs. the laser isn't the most intuitive.Overall, a great purchase.
The iTorch is a great external battery. After initially charging it, I usedit to quickly top off my Galaxy s III battery and had some juice left tocharge my i-pad. The I-pad really uses a lot of battery and seems to have alarge capacity so the iTorch is not enough for a complete charge. Perhaps25%. But that is plenty of time to complete a book or magazine over quite afew hours. I also enjoyed the additional mini features on the iTorch. Thelazer pointer and flashlight may come in handy. The small size of theiTorch means you can actually use these two features without the clunkyfeel of other external batteries. The iTorch charge is relatively fast,just a few hours. Many people may be upset that it does not come with it'sown AC plug, but in this day with so many electronics with USB ports, Iappreciate not having one more plug to fill up my house and eventually alandfill with.Great product and I think it's worth the purchase.
I picked up one of these on sale recently, and was pretty impressed with the product.  I've been able to squeeze about three full charges for my iPhone 4S out of the device. The included LED/laser combination is probably pretty nifty if you already carry those around, although I haven't found a need for them in my experience. There's a single multifunction button that is used to both control charging as well as the included LED/laser, and it took me a little while to get used to the controls. The battery itself charges through a standard microUSB cable, and the rated 4-5 hour charge time is accurate in my experience. For the price and form factor, the IMP52D provides a solid, respectable product.
I own the 12000mAH IMP120D model which I was impressed with and led me to purchase the iTorch IMP52D. The IMP52D is much lighter and smaller which is great for extra portability. It is smaller than my current phone (The Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and complements it nicely  The LED light makes the unit double as a flash light and the laser pointer is a nice touch.Since I am a power user with my phone, the battery drains quick and its nice to have the IMP52D around to give it an extra charge. I can now get more than a full days use out of my phone without worry. The IMP52D also does a great job of holding its charge so it is very reliable. I would recommend this battery back for anyone that needs daily extra power for your phone, tablet, or other USB devices.
The iTorch IMP52D is really a great external battery. It has a great aesthetic and compact design that is perfect for travel, and works well when recharging my phone (Samsung Galaxy S3).What I like about the device:Sleek, slim design that is compact.Fast charging time- faster than my time with the OEM cable.Intuitive yet minimal display. There are 4 small blue LEDS on the front face of the device. The far most left one turns on if it is charging your phone. The other 3 display the amount of battery left, each LED would be 1/3 full capacity.Can acts as a laser pointer and flashlight too!What I don't like about it:I don't think there is anything that I don't like about it, in particular.I think this external battery is a great product. It is small enough to be quite mobile and powerful enough to fully charge my phone and more. Great Value for price. Note I got it here for $39.95.
So I have been using the charger and it is unbelievable!Pros:Light weightShape is made so that it fits great in your hand.Holds an amazing charge!charges in 6 hours so over night you dont even feel it.The LED light and red laser are actually coming in handy surprisingly. theLED is a great use but the red laser is just entertaining.Cons:I only have 1 con to this fantastic devicethe way you turn on the LED, laser, and the product itself unless someonereads the manual, no one would know how to do it.
I have the older version of this charger, which is a little larger and holds slightly less charge. I absolutely love this thing. I can't tell you often it's gotten my phone through a long day, either when I'm traveling or just out for the day and unable to get to a wall outlet. This battery can charge my phone three times (your mileage may vary) and I've also used it on flights for my ipad. Definitely a must have item if you'd be lost without your phone!The only warning I'd give is that the battery tends to get hot. I imagine that's typical of all such devices but since I've never heard another, I really can't say. It's not so hot that it seems dangerous, but I do try to make sure that it has some breathing room while charging so it doesn't overheat.
The NewTrent IMP52D is an ergonomically designed charger for your personal electronics.  It works with USB charging cables to recharge your devices.  I purchased two, one for me and one for my wife.  When I can't reach people because their smartphones are dead, I will recommend this product.  The build in laser pointer is awesome, and it even has an auto-off so that the battery isn't depleted by leaving it on.  I can't wait to try some of NewTrent's other products!
Pros: Works well as a battery, probably has enough charge to last my GalaxySIII through 2-3 days of extra charging w/o having to recharge the deviceitself. Small size/lightness makes it extremely portable/pocketable.Smooth and attractive exterior design. Feels sturdy enough in my hand.Laser pointer and LED light are both bright and have good range when tryingit out in a dark room.Cons: Its a bit tricky switching between battery on/off, laser, and LEDlight. Its not as intuitive as I would like (maybe its just me), but as a bundle device, it worksfine. The on/off button feels a bit flimsy.
I Use this on my HTC Evo 4G LTE. I spend alot of time outdoors, with the iTorch I no longer worry about having my GPS on and running my battery dead. I also find it vary helpful for charging and not have to worry about being plugged into a wall or car charger. The included case is helpful to keep the charger and USB cable together. I have used this on my Bluetooth also and it worked great. The 1 AMP out put charges quicker than the wall charger that came with the phone. The iTorch charger gets me about 2 full charges on my phone.Pros- Size, Easy to use, light weightCons- Have to turn on the LED light before you can turn off the charger.
I love this product its not to small and not to big the led flashlight works great for leaving work at night or coming home at night the lazer light works great for work presentations or walking a store and pointing out product in the oberhead  I have a iphone 4s it charges it to a full charge once and a half for my galaxy note 2 or my galaxy s3 it charges it almost to a full charge so either of my phone makes it through a 12 hour work day and more  I definately would recomend this product to anybody that needs a extra charge
I chose this, because this has flash light and laser point. I guess they will be useful in daily life, but...1. 5200mah capability is good. ( one iphone and extra device..but not full 2 devices at one time)2. holding phone and this item..is not comfortable. ( not recommeded things thoud)3. And compared to other 5200 mah batter pack, i think this does not have full competency. I do not have scientific data to prove this. Based on recharging process, i felt many times.
The iTorch feels nice and sturdy in your hand and also comes with a convenient carrying pouch to keep the battery pack and usb cable together. The built in laser pointer is definitely a handy addition to the power pack that is great for presentations. The added led flashlight is also useful. However, it isn't as bright as I would have liked. I like the fact that the battery pack charges by microusb. This makes it much easier to charge when you are traveling as almost everything has a USB port. When using the battery pack to charge my iPhone, it was very fast. The added capacity that the battery pack provides gave me more than enough power to be unplugged from the wall for the whole day and more.Overall, I am very impressed with the iTorch IMP52D and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a USB Battery Pack.
This is a very convenient device, its small and easily fits into your pocket.  Charges everything I throw at it. Not literally.  the laser pointer is a very cool feature especially if you have cats.  the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter.  Extremely easy to use, and does a great job charging my ipads and iphone.  I love the fact it small enough to go into my pocket and not be too big and bulky.  i bought one loved it so much and bought two more to keep the kids ipads charging.  i would highly recommend this product.  great bang for your buck when stacked up to competitors products.
Have been able to fully recharge my phone (HTC T-bolt) at least twice without having to recharge the New Trent, will probably come close or succeed at 3 recharges.  I would have preferred that the New Trent recharged itself from the USB connector rather than the round plug on the side but the self coiling connector cable  plus mini and micro tips work okay.  Also comes with a small pouch to store everything in.  About the size of a  pack of cigarettes but half as thick or less makes it easy enough to carry around.  So far so good. Seems to be a good value. No power supply provided so must recharge from a PC or charger with USB outlet, not a big deal for me and helps hold the cost down.
I've gone through several backup battery solutions over the past few years and all suffer from either a lack of power or were ridiculously large.  The iTorch has in the short time I've owned it proven it's worth.  I've recharged my Nexus 4 from 14% remaining to full and then topped off my Nexus 7 from 36% with no issues, then had a friend ask if she could borrow it, allowing her to get a good extra bit of charging on her iPhone.The laser pointer and flashlight are both bonus features that I don't see myself using that often, but the same situations that require an emergency charger also call for a flashlight, so that's a benefit.  Read the manual as others have stated, the procedure for turning on the separate features isn't exactly instinctive.
This is so handy.  I get about 175% charge on my Nexus S 4G (which admittedly has a battery on the smaller side compared to most phones today).  I use it when I travel and it works awesome.  I bought it before they changed the look/features of it and it looks even better now - the battery itself uses USB to charge (why didn't they do that in the first place?).  After dozens of uses, it still charges just as much as it did on the first day (I've had it for 5 months).
This product is a life saver. For those times when the smartphone just will not last an entire day, this product helps me out.  I like how the cable that chargers your phone also serves as the cable that chargers this spare battery.  That is a nice touch that keeps me from having to carry too many cords.  This device is about the same size as a smartphone but has the thickness of a deck of cards. I find though that I can easily put this battery and my smartphone easily into my coat or suit jacket pocket without issue to allow the phone to charge.  The indicator lights on the battery seem accurate, both to display the charging status of the spare batter itself and the discharge rate when it is charging my phone. My only wish for this product is that it would supply 1A instead of 600mA, in order to charge the smartphone faster.  Overall, this is a great product.
First. Let me tell you I travel and no. You can't plug your charger into a tree. That being said I love this thing. It charged my phone 3 times over all weekend. I had no problems with the size and having in my pocket next to my iPhone. The only thing I have to say i didt like is that It takes a long time to charge. But its a very big battery but it's ok cause thts what makes it awesome. If you travel or go through battery life a lot. This is def the product for you.
I previously owned the first version of the New Trent external battery. I loved that one and every time I used it always got the "What is that? I Need One" - in fact I ended up buying at least 3 of them for gifts. I bought this when I got a coupon code in the mail and thought I would upgrade. I really love this device - its smaller holds more batter power and also has a cool laser pointer. My only gripe is that it uses a micro USB to charge, so you'll need an adapter or buy a micro usb cord if you lose the included adapter. Highly recommended for anyone who travels and runs out of iPhone power quickly.
My rating for this product is at a solid 4.5. The capacity is very close to advertised, but works hard to recharge my Nook Color at 4000mAh@3.7V. The unit is mostly used as a desk charger for my wife's Iphone 4S when at work (teacher), and performs that task perfectly! The build quality is as expected. The functionality and directions are easy to use, and as expected. Recharge time does vary depending on the AC/USB Converter, but the item does get a full charge as expected.
I got this because my wife saw my other charger but didn't want a bulk one so i ordered the IMP52D and she loved it!great to carry on purse or in a pocket. It ususally charges 2 times my Blackberry torch and it also charges my playbook(only once) and the same amount of charges for the iphone.Also like the fact that has Flash Light and Laser beam, good for those who have dogs or cats lol.For Blackberry users like me you might consider buy a retractable usb cable because the Cable that comes with it won't charge Blackberry Torch neither the Playbook, so that was only the issue i had, but apparently this was made for iphone, so iphone and android users, you guys won't have the same issues i had.Another thing that i want to point out,the unit doesn't come with the power adapter. so use the one that comes with your phone.
I currently own the New Trent iTorch IMP52D.  I love this product.  I enjoying being outdoors and backing/hiking.  This product has allowed me to take those trips and have a peace of mind about my iPhone's battery.  I use my phone to make calls, text, and use GPS while on the trails.  I needed a way to charge my iPhone without carrying a huge battery pack or something really heavy.  This product has performed flawlessly in my travels.  I can at least get 2 to 3 full charges out of this battery pack.  The laser and light also come in handy when something may arise.  I am looking to buy a different model as well to expand the charging capacity.  Everything from the size of the iTorch to the functionality has been well received.  The only complaint that I may have is that it takes too long to charge.
I recently used the IMP52D iTorch at a 4 day convention and it was a huge life saver! It's very small form factor and extra large capacity (5200mAh) allowed me to fit it in my pocket along with my phone while charging, and kept me fully charged throughout the whole day. It charged my phone just as fast as my home charger, and was able to fully charge my Galaxy SIII twice, and still had enough for another half charge. This device is very well made, and does not feel like it will break. The plastic texture seems to be a scratch resistant plastic with matte finish. A bonus feature to this extra battery is the inclusion of a laser pointer and LED flashlight, both work exactly as expected. The LED is bright enough to help you in dark conditions, and is visible in normal light. The included USB cable with interchangeable ends is well made and fits snugly into the unit as well as my device.
I love this product, and here is why.I have had it for a good year or two now, and it is still going strong. I am a college student and definitely am on my electronic devices a lot, and carrying this around in my backpack has saved me many times. I can charge my phone and friends' phones from my backpack in the middle of class. I get about 2.5 charges on my iPhone 5 from the charger. I plug it in to charge when I go to sleep and it is fully charged by the time I wake up, using just a 1 Amp charger brick.
Pros:The IMP52D is a convenient sized charger that includes an LED light and a red Laser light and a cloth bag to carry it and a USB cable.  I use it to keep my Motorola Droid Razr charged.  I am able to charge my phone a couple of times before having to recharge the unit.  The unit charges in a few hours.  I like the size of it as I can carry it in my pants or shirt pocket. This is our second New Trent charger and am pleased with both of them.Cons:NonePossible Improvements:The LED and Laser lights are nice but operationally the Laser light comes on when you press the power button for a second.  This actually could be unsafe especially if a child gets their hands on it.  The way in which the two lights come on should be reversed.
On a recent trip the IMP500 recharged my cell phone and operated and recharged my Nook color reader twice without needing recharging itself.  The Nook color reader has about an 8 hour battery life on its own. Using the IMP500 I was able to continue reading past 12 hours, plus it was 3/4 charged when I disconnected the NOOK. The IMP500 perfomed as advertised. It's easy to use and light to carry. When using the NOOK reader, I just dropped the IMP500 in my shirt pocket connected to the reader by the NOOK USB cable. I highly reccommend acquiring a short pocket if you do not already have one. Recharging is fairly quick with any of the standard usb chargers (the one it comes with, the NOOK charger, or an Apple IPhone charger).  This is good, since it measns carrying only one charger.  This is a simple device that solves a major problem of not havng enough battery life in the devices you carry. It also charged my iTouch-4 with no problem on th esame trip.
Review of New Trent iTorch(IMP52D):The iTorch is an incredibly useful tool for any road warrior. It lets you fully charge your phone and then some. I love the design and size of the device. It charges with the ubiquitous micro-USB cable, and it can charge anything via a USB Cable. I always keep it in my bag just in case. The only small issue I have is the amount of time it takes to fully charge. It take a few hours to get from zero to 100%. This is expected, but is still a significant amount of time. 4/5.
Pros: The product looks very sleek, and is very useful. I used the build-in laser pointer for my presentation. Flash light looks useful as well, but I didn't have a chance to use it yet, maybe when blackout or go camping.The battery is very sufficient for my iPhone. I fully charged my iPhone 4s and still had plenty of Battery left. I like its portability: small size + light weight.Cons: Should come with AC adapter (Wall charger). The flash light should be brighter, otherwise it is gonna be useless.5 out of 5 Stars !!
I received the iTorch a few days ago and I have already had to use it.  I love the fact that it is so small and fits in my purse easily.  I like that it uses a USB connection; it makes it easy to charge and so much more versatile.  It charged up fully in about 3 hours after I received it.  It also comes equipped with a laser light and an LED light that are nice add ons.  It comes with a nice little pouch to keep it in so that it doesn't get all scratched up.  I plan on keeping this with me at all times.
So I purchased because my Droid Charge eats batteries whenever I use it for anything long term, using the GPS it will last less than 30 minutes, sometimes on a walk I will want to pull up a map or use the pedometer feature to see how far I have gone, well then it just dies, now I can just stick the iTorch in my pocket and charge my phones 1600ma battery several times.The iTorch uses the same cable to charge it as i use to charge my phone so it is perfect for me.  The flashlight is really nice as it is pretty bright and being a LED it should last for hours the red led is useful if you have a cat or dog that will chase the light, the smalls pouch is a good size.Overall I am pretty impressed it is much better and last longer than the cheapo external batteries  and a much better value than the higher priced ones you can also find online.
If you had asked me 3 months ago, I would've rated this 5 stars. However, in the last month the device doesn't charge. I've had it look like it was charging with the lights going but then no actual charge. Or it just doesn't do anything no matter what charger I plug it into. This is really disappointing because I only bought it 5 months ago.Prior to that, it had been working great. I could easily get 2.5 full charges of my iPhone 5. It was perfect for travel. I could use it all day, charge it overnight and it was ready to go again the next day.
I purchased a New Trent iTorch IMP52D 5200mAh External Battery Charger that I use with my iPhone 5.I really like the iTorch. I would rate it overall 5/5. The pro's are it's convenient, portable, consistent with its charging. I love that it fits in a coat pocket. I don't use the flashlight much I use my iphone for that. The LED I use to play with my cats-they give it a 5/5.The cons---the charging cable to charge it. It feels flimsy but is still holding up after at least 30 uses and shows no sign of wear.A specific iPhone/charging cable would be nice
I really, really like the unit. I have only owned it for a week or so but have had some good usage from it already. I previously owned a Zagg Sparq, and I did not like that it didn't hold a charge well, and the size. Even though the battery was almost twice the size of this one, it didn't seem to charge as well as this.I am a little confused with the flashlight and laser. I would prefer just a battery, and the only reason for me is easy-Sometimes I hold the button down too long and the light comes on. Getting that off and getting back to just the battery is kind of tedious, but I will get used to it.The size of the unit, awesome. I really like how it feels, very well constructed. I also like how easy it works with all of my devices. Flexibility is a real selling point, I love being able to use it on so many devices.
The New Trent iTorch is the smallest and lightest 5200mah external battery pack you will find anywhere.  It feels sturdy and solidly built.  This is a must have for anyone who finds themselves needing to charge their phone all the time.  I hate walking out the door with 40% left of battery life on my iPhone5 and having to not use my phone like I would like to in order to save battery.  Now I can use my phone when and where I want without worrying about the battery dying.The only issue I have is the battery pack might not store as much juice as advertised.  I get about 1 full charge on my iPhone5 - it is advertised to provide 2-3 full charges.  I don't see that happening ever!  But this is still light, compact and easy to carry around all day in your pocket just in case you need some added power to your phone or other device.
I picked up the iTorch as a 'just in case' gadget. I am glad I did. The family went camping this weekend and we were out in the middle of no where in a tent. We had cell coverage, but no way to charge iPhones without going back to the car. The IMP52D came worked out perfectly. It was able to recharge an iPhone 4 twice and a Kindle Fire with 1 charge. I cant be totally exact on how long the charges kept because the kids kept plugging their devices into the iTorch, then taking them off 30 minutes later.All in all, buying the iTorch will be the best move you can make if you are looking for a portable external power source for multiple devices!
I love love love this unit, and make sure to bring it with me whenever I know I'm going to be out and about for the day, and my phone is not going to survive.  It's absolutely essential on plane flights, long days at the beach, etc. I cannot recommend this or some other type of external charging highly enough.  It's hard to be without your phone, so having this unit is a no brainer.  You can plug it in and put it in your pocket.  Easy
Fits perfect in a pocket, backpack, purse, etc. My wife loves having a sleek and stylish battery to keep her iphone charged all day. It's nice to be on vacation, or a "staycation" at Disneyland and not have to make the whole trip come to a screeching halt having to charge mobile devices. With the iTorch we were able to keep moving without having to be tethered to an electrical outlet and waiting for phones to charge. The flashlight and laser pointer come in handy as well. Got a lot of jealous looks from other tourists wishing they had one to charge their phones.
This small battery backup charger easily fits into the palm of my hand and is not bulky in my pocket. The itorch charged my iphone in what seemed like record time.My iPhone contained 2% battery life when I plugged in the iTorch and began charging. After 1 hour 50 minutes with my phone still turned on and in use, my iPhone5 received a full charge. Once I confirmed the full charge, I noticed the iTorch showed one solid blue LED and one blinking, indicating a remaining capacity of 35%. I still had enough to charge my Bluetooth headset.
I received this unit as a promotion special when I bought an iCarrier. Some observations I have made while putting this unit through its paces.Pros:Will charge your smartphone at least two times overAuto-shut off - Once device is full, unit shuts off to conserve batterybuit-in flashlight and laser pointerFour LED lights to indicate battery statusSlim enought to fit in your pocketCons:Plastic body constuction - will probably crack if droppedNot enough juice to charge power hungry tablets to fullOne button - Accidently keep on turning on the laser pointer when meaning to turn the unit on/offThis would be five stars if they were able to multiple buttons to control the device, flashlight and laser pointer.  Also, they could increase the capacity to 7000+mAh.  All in all, solid product.
I just picked up one of these so the next time I go to a convention and use my !@#$% smart phone all day I won't find myself getting a low battery alert. Right now I've got my Bold plugged in to this toy, running a frakking movie and running Bluetooth and the thing is still charging the battery! The dingus comes with a plethora of adapters for different devices. As long as what you have can take power from a USB port (that's +5 VDC to the uninitiated), this baby can power it. Worth $40!BTW, I have now tried this on my Blackberry Playbook tablet and it WILL charge it!
I bought the iTorch to charge my iPhone while on the Appalachian Trail. I tested it 6+ times to ensure the weight was worth carrying since weight is a premium when you are carrying everything on your back. I have gotten 2+ charges to 95-100% so well worth the weight since it can be a 5-10 days between places to charge on AT. The unit is easy to use, the blue lights keep you informed of the charge available and the red LED light is an added bonus.  I am very pleased with the quality!  I did contact New Trent with a question and they were very quick to respond and were most helpful.  If you need a lightweight battery charge, the iTorch is an excellent choice.
The IMP 500 by IMAX Power is the best protable battery you can buy.  I got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement.  The customer support and service is top notch. I would not hesitate to buy anything from them.  The battery charges my Motorola Droid in about 1.5 hours.  Unbelievable. The IMP 500 still has hours of charges left after charging my Droid and iPod Touch.  It is so easy to use and looks great too.  Compact and easy to carry. The cable and the connectors are excellent too. If you need a portable battery, this is the one to buy.
I am a tester for New Trent -- They sent me this, and I loved how it slid right into my pocket.  It comes with a soft bag case, but I find I never use those.Occasionally the LED or the laser would turn on, in my pocket, but the good thing is they auto-shutoff after about 30 seconds.After about 3 weeks of use, my device would not charge anymore.  Then it started emitting a high pitched noise while it was connected to power.I had to send my device back, and since I am a tester, I don't get a replacement.  New Trent acknowledged that a small number of their devices do have this problem.So while it worked, it worked awesome!
I already owned an external battery from this company.  Had it two years and it's still working great so when I saw they had a smaller unit, I bought two.  These are smaller than my iPhone and iPod Touch and fits perfect in my travel purse.Likes-Portablity, comes with a small black drawstring bag.-Size, fits in my smallest purse, easy to tavel with.-Battery standby life on this battery is awesome.-Charges my iPhone and Galaxy Player faster than the computer and car charger.-Charges my dead iPhone 2x's while using the phone, probably more if I didn't use (surfing, talking, etc) it while charging.Dislikes-Power button easily depressed when in my purse, so I found a cushioned case to keep that from happening.-Adapters, charges with a micro usb cable, it ships with that and cables but there not dedicated, there's an adapter included for that.  But accessories are easily found at Walmart or online.This is a great addition to tech family.
I have had the New Trent IMP52D iTorch for about 3 weeks now and I love it.It's a small enough package that it fits in your pocket for charging onthe go. Perfect for the quick charge of your phone when there aren't anyoutlets or USB plugs around. Also the added convenience of a laser pointeris very handy during presentations or product demonstrations. I thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly. I evenuse the iTorch when on the road. The iTorch even kept a full charge after a week of nouse, and topped off my phone in minutes! Great product and the perfectaddition to my road warrior gear.
When I bought my wife an HTC One X, it was the first phone we had owned that did not have a removable battery. I did some research, read many reviews, and bought the iTorch, IMP52D.Am I ever glad I did.It is small enough to fit into my wife's purse (without complaining about the size or weight) and packs enough juice to charge the phone a few times over, before the iTorch needs to be recharged itself.I've even "borrowed" her iTorch when I don't want the hassle of changing out batteries when my Galaxy S3 gets low on power.The LED light and laser pointer are nice extras. The LED has enough light to see things I've dropped in the movie theater!I would definitely buy this little workhorse again!
Pros:-Very small compaired to other battery packs I had in past with similar milliamps.- Two extra features that I use very often. Laser and LED light-Same cable for my android phone is used to charge the iTorchCons:- None at allThe iTorch is a great every day accessory for anyone with a cellphone or a tablet who finds themselves always running low on battery power when a wall charger is not accessible.Where I work I can not plug in my smart phone and find it running low on battery life by 3pm. The iTorch is small enough to fit in my pocket with my phone.It is a must have if you own any electronic device. It makes a great holiday gift for anyone male or female.
I have found the external battery to be amazing and soooo handy! I do construction for a living so have to be able to keep in touch with clients a lot. Many times I have not been able to use my phone when I wanted to for fear of running my battery down when expecting an important call - had to save the charge so my phone would be good when the call came through. This external will enable me to answer all calls and not worrying about missing a business opportunity and still being able to receive the important call!!! This is a great product!!!
actually really liked this product. Overall the item is really portableand the design is very slick. Also the LED light and laser pointer make itreally ideal for the person to carry it around at the office or to work.Also it would be great to store in your car since sometimes i would dropcoins or a pen in my car at night and need to find it and the LED lightwould be perfect for that. The product also can charge my s3 and ipad tofull before it is drained. Also works for the new iphone 5 and ipad withretina display. The charge time is also fairly short which makes it idealfor if you're on the move and short on time. I would recommend this product.
I don't write many reviews, but the New Trent product line deserves a shout-out.A small, well-built battery charger that is reliable and powerful. Uses a standard 110 wall outlet to charge, and my Droid Razr was completely recharged almost 3  times.Comes with a USB cable for Droids and a cable for the Samsung Galaxy.The bells and whistles, i.e. the laser pointer and the LED flash, are handy.The bright blue 4 bar LED charge counter (lo, med, med-hi and full) allow you to check with a touch.I went with New Trent because I couldn't find a negative review, and I can see why.
Can't go wrong with tossing this is your bag before a trip or a conference where you need juice! Laser pointer is fun to mess with the cat with but the pack itself is too bulky to be used as a dedicated laser for meetings, etc. I guess it would work as a backup in a pinch but don't buy this for the pointer. The same can be said about the flashlight.The battery pack works great but you need to make sure your phone is good enough on 1A. Otherwise, this pack will drain faster than it can &#34;re-fuel&#34; your device. If that is the case, like say for my ATT S4 which needs 2.1A to rightfully charge, the best way to use it is with the phone turned off and charging, say mid-flight. Worked much better back on my S2 or my Fiancee's S3 (no our last name won't be Samsung).
