This cookbook is great.  I have really enjoyed reviewing all of the recipes.  Sure - some are more difficult than others, but there is a nice variety in this book.  For me it was totally worth it just to get the quick shell recipes alone.  We have only tried the chocolate so far, but it is so tasty.  A few of my favorite recipes in this book are the banana from the strawberry banana one, and the raspberry/blackberry ones (but I used mixed berries).  Also, it has great instructions for tips on using the Zoku.  Definitely recommended.
This book is so beautifully illustrated and easy to follow. It helps you to understand the Zoku better. It might have been even better if they made the recipe units for different sized molds. These recipes produce too much for a single mold unit. It would have been nice if they used a matrix for the ingredients like on a box of rice. I am just math lazy and bought a single mold Zoku. Dividing 3/4 of a cup, 3 tablespoons or 3 1/2 tablespoons is kind of dicey in my kitchen.
This is the story of a group of butterflies looking for a place to sleep. Each one is a different color, and each pair of facing pages (color-coordinated, of course!) tells the story of where each of the butterflies found to sleep. Each of the butterflies is shown as a brightly-colored, foil-looking toy that your little one will not be able to resist touching.My little one absolutely loved this book, and it did go great as a preparing for sleep read. The colors and the butterflies, and the cute story all were a hit. We both highly recommend this book!
This book is absolutely beautiful. A brilliant bedtime story with vibrant colors and gorgeous illustrations. Each page teaches a different color and the illustrations boldly burst with that color. ..., is how the book starts off and we are then led all around this color dreamland. ...The butterflies in the book are popped out and sparkly. As we turn each page the color butterfly we are reading about disappears. Each page mentions the color twice and an animal. The last page reunites all the butterflies and the colorful animals as we say goodnight...My daughter loved this book since she was 4 months old. The colorful illustrations keep her interested and she likes to grab at the popped up butterflies. A delightful story I enjoy reading again and again. I sometimes even read it to myself. The purple page is MY favorite.
My daughter 1 year old really likes this book.  I bought it because of its similarity to the 10 little ladybugs book.  It has the same sort of colorful illustrations and I like it better as the ladybugs are not as pretty as the sparkly butterflies.  This book teaches colors as each of the butterflies finds a place to stay for the night.Update - My daughter is now well grown but this book sticks in my mind still - we read it so many times.  I would say it was one of her very favorites when she was young.
So I actually bought this thinking it was the entire Lesson 2 kit. However, I've found through experience that having the book without having to take the class is a good thing. I've taken the Wilton Lesson 1 class and the number of Wilton items you have to purchase ALONG with the Lesson kit is a little ridiculous. I've worked my way through Lesson 1 and now I'm working my way (by myself) through lesson 2. I recommend anyone that likes to work on their own time to just purchase this book.
It took me about 40 minutes to read this lesson plan thoroughly; while it is inexpensive at under five dollars, I still don't know if that is necessarily a good value. As some reviewers have pointed out, much of the book focuses on advertising Wilton products; without all of this the useful material in the book could have been condensed down to a couple of pages. I did like the photographs and the techniques for making different consistencies of buttercream for different uses. I had initially planned on getting the subsequent lesson plans as well, but I don't think it will be worth it. If you have any skill/experience with cake decorating at all, I'd recommend skipping this book.
This Wilton book is awesome.  My local craft shop did not offer the fondant course when I wanted to take it so I decided to teach myself.  I followed the lessons in the book and my fondant cakes have improved greatly.  In my area the Wilton Method instructors are not so great so I am happy I was able to save the money on the class but still get all of the wonderful Wilton advice.  I would definitely recommend not only buying this book, but seeing how much you can teach yourself before spending the money on the class.
I bought this book to help me out with decorating cakes and cupcakes as a beginner. I have found this book to be an excellent reference for the first time decorator. I ended up buying two different tips that did not come with my cake decorating set, that I have found very useful. I bought the cake curved spatulas, from Amazon,that work very well. I also bought the bench knife, and found a 16" cake lifter, and a 18" cake leveler. I got all these great ideas from this book. I bought other things in the book from Amazon, however, the list goes on too long to keep mentioning everything. Buy the book, great starter outer! Oh yes, I always take a look at all of the good and not so good reviews for every product I purchase from Amazon.comSincerely,Super Chef David
I ordered this lesson plan because I took the first two courses of Wilton's Cake Decorating, and I didn't want to sign up for the 3rd course only because I didn't want to spend so much money for the classes. So I bought the kit in Michaels figuring I would teach myself but this time the lesson plan wasn't included in kit like the first 2 kits were. This lesson plan is great and if you have some experience with working with fondant and gum paste this will be a piece of cake for you, no pun intended. But this definitely isn't for a beginner.
This lesson plan is a great companion to the Wilton decorating classes. I personally took the other 2 levels of classes in the series, but couldn't fit this one into my schedule, so I bought this lesson plan and theWilton Flowers and Cake Design Student Kitthinking I could learn on my own. I would consider myself an intermediate level decorator, and very good at self-study on many topics. But there were still some things in this book that it would be helpful to watch someone else do instead of teaching yourself - fortunately there are plenty of videos on the internet that helped me get through this. Overall, this is a great guide to decorating, but be prepared to do a little more searching on your own if you want to learn to perfect everything.
I absolutely love this book! Before purchasing, I found myself gathering bits and pieces of information from the wilton site to make the flowers and borders that I wanted, but this book puts them all together neatly without leaving anything out. I recently purchased Colette's Cakes which is also wonderful, but so much of it is advanced, and I'm just not there. I only decorate for fun. This book sticks to basics which, for me, is essential to focus. If I see to much detail I tend to become frustrated and over anxious. Then I end up giving up. So, with this book I can actually follow the process and learn step by step without the frustration.The only small disappointment was the weight of the cover. The paper is a bit thin and will need some support or will probably not hold up very well. Nothing a little clear contact paper can't cure though, so no big deal.
I've always loved cake decorating, ever since I took my first Wilton class.  Gum Paste and Fondant seemed beyond my capabilities but when I saw this book I decided to give it a try.  The book is very easy to follow with lots of step by step pictures.  It's a lot of fun but, I admit, a bit frustrating.  No matter how closely I follow the steps, my creations never turn out exactly like the pictures.  I think part of the problem is that I'm a perfectionist at heart but....grrrr.....I can't fault the book, as all Wilton Lesson Plans, it's great.
This is an ok book for a new cake decorator. It recovers a lot of the stuff already covered in the instruction booklets (beginning cake decorating and flowers and borders) and gives some full cake ideas.I like the instructions and have been using them as a supplement to the instruction books to have ideas of decorations to practice. However, the cakes themselves are nothing super exciting.This is the sort of book you buy when you're starting out and use until you have the skills down pretty well - then you would probably never use it again. I just can't see myself pulling this book out for "cake decorating ideas" when there are so many better idea books out there.Honestly, if you weren't getting this on a 4-for-3 promotion or it was on sale for about 10 bucks I wouldn't bother with it.
I'm a Star Wars fan and I bought this with the intention of using it for groceries but it turned into my new diaper bag. It's huge! I can fit everything i need in it where before I had my diaper bag and another bag and my purse. It has started to come apart on the side but I can sew it or order a new one it's so cheap. I am sure the intended purpose isn't for it to be used as a diaper bag daily but it works and I have gotten compliments on it even! It goes great with my Star Wars Vans too :D
I used to date this girl who loved Scrabble.  So, by association, I had to as well!  We used to play a lot - even with her Grandmother.  What they did, however, was "cheat".  We had one of these - this same Franklin Spelling Corrector you see here (an older model but same nonetheless) and you each of us was allowed to use it to come up with all kinds of crazy words.  I thought this was a dumb way to play Scrabble, at first, but then I came to love it.  If you're all "cheating", then it becomes a different game - the strategy changes.  We had a lot of fun.  Too bad I had to dump her for being utterly insane! (I'm sure she was bipolar-scitzophrenic or some variant thereof).  I kept the Franklin Spelling Corrector!  Still have it to this day!
Had my doubts that this would hold a 300 page paper back book because it's kinda thick and therefore stiff... NO Problem and the adjustable part of this holder is that the two parts that actually hold the book swivel so you can move them in or out to accommodate the size of book.... SIMPLE  BIG BOOK or small book it holds them all and the design allows for easy page turning.  I am using it to take notes for study.  Bought a much bigger holder at twice the expense and returned it... could not turn the pages.  This is a winner
I'm very disappointed in this device. It's basically just a coat hanger with two plastic guides.  The only thing it has going for it is portability.  It can only hold regular sized hard covered books. Forget about any size paperback, it will not work. Even hard cover books are nearly impossible to align correctly and they slip and slump in all kinds of odd positions.  Then you have to completely remove the book from the stand every time you need to turn a page and try to realign it all over again.  I tried with over 10 textbooks and it didn't do well with any of them.  For home reading I'm going to buy and suggest you buy a more substantial stand. The only reason to keep it is to slip in a backpack and take with you and hope you have the desk space wherever you take it to use it.
I use this for everything from propping up cookbooks in the kitchen to reading hardcovers at my desk while eating my lunch.  Most recently I've been using it for my Kindle 2.  Works great for everything, but a little tricky for some paperbacks because they slip around a little bit.  It does work best with the average-sized hardcover (think novel- sized).  Folds up nice and fits well in a drawer or in the front pocket of my backpack.  Definitely a handy thing to have around.
This is a really convenient book stand if you like to read outside of home and don't have larger books. If you don't necessarily need the portability or if you have large/tall textbooks I would suggest you look at something more study as this tends to tip over/make indentations on the bottom of pages for those books. Also you can increase the height of the stand by pulling  up part of the metal frame, but even with doing this it doesn't really support larger books well enough to easily highlight.
This is as described but for some reason, I was still expecting it to be a little larger. I purchased it with the intention of using it when making my daughter's lunch - cutting cheese slices, sandwiches, cucumbers, etc.  It's the perfect size for what I wanted.  You could also use it as a form for making pancakes, etc but they would be very small!  I wouldn't use it as a cookie cutter but my family makes double the size of the average cookie.  Maybe for mini cookies this would work...
I was leery about spending tis much for the Tupperware brand name product, but I wanted to upgrade to covered ice cube trays for use in our RV and didn't feel comfortable with some of the negative reviews I read of lower cost brands (mainly the plastic cracking after a few months use).  Now that I've been using these for several weeks I'm thrilled at the fit, finish, and quality of the Tupperware product and feel the extra cost is worth it.  The best part is no more spilled water when loading the trays into the tiny freezer in our RV!  I've already gotten tossed out the original open plastic ice cube trays which were just aggravating.
When I first discovered this Tupperware ice cube tray, I was delighted. The ice stays large even with a frost free refrigerator. The cube compartments are easy to fill with the hole in the lid and as you walk to the freezer the cover prevents spilling.The MOST CRITICAL aspect is taste and smell. Since there is a lid, the ice never has a smell or taste even if you have frozen fish in the freezer like I usually do. I have four of these ice cube trays because we live in Hawaii where it is always hot and we constantly need ice for our drinks.Since I first discovered these ice cube trays I have never used the kind with no lid. These are by far better and less messy.
I had looked high and low for a 1 ounce souffle cup and lid set for our lunchboxes.  The only ones I could find were disposable, and I strive to make our lunches completely trash free.  (See some of my other reviews)The Smidgets are the perfect size for salad dressings, little candy treats or marshmallows, raisins, nuts...if it's little, it flies!  You'll love them.  I followed the tip from another Amazon reviewer and boiled them for 1 minute then re-sealed them while they are still hot to make the lids easier to take on and off.  Worked like a charm.
I take vitamins. Most containers aren't big enough to hold them. These are perfect.* They have plenty of room - I don't have to methodically arrange my vitamins to allow the lid to close. I estimate these will hold around 20 big vitamins. 9/9/11 Update: I just attached an image showing this with 16 vitamins. I think it would hold 20 if you work at it. With 16, I can just drop them in and pop the lid on.* They are compact enough to fit into a jeans pocket.Yep, the lid is hard to get off the first couple of times. No worries after that. The bonus is that a snug lid means I don't worry about them opening and spilling my vitamins. Nice!My daughter loves these in her purse, too.The uses are practically endless (aspirin, gum, paper clips, skittles :)HIGHLY Recommended!
Here in Penna. we make pickled eggs, also known here as red beet eggs.  I use this container for that.  The square shape makes it fit neatly in the back corner of my fridge.  The lid fits well; the strainer is sturdy.  I've had mine for five to ten years, and it is still good as new.  I just bought one for my mother.  She had her red beets eggs in a jar, which cracked spilling red juice all over the bottom of her firidge.  I have used mine to store asparagus with the ends in water to keep it fresh.  I think this would also work to marinate a few pieces of chicken.  I also know someone who uses hers, without the strainer, to store brown sugar.  So, it is a multi-purpose container.
You most definitely get what you pay for, these are very cheap and have already started to show signs of rusting after just a couple of months.  Also look carefully at the fork and knife, they are shaped quite differently than a regular set.  The fork also bends pretty easily which is not good when trying to eat a steak.  The spoons are also very disproportionate if you look at the little spoon it is way smaller than it appears in the picture.  I hate to say it but I was not impressed with Ikea in this case. I had to buy a whole new set to replace this one.
I was doubtful about getting two sets of these, but I am glad I did.  They are just right for children.  They don't hold all that much fluid so if there is a spill...and there is ALWAYS a spill...it isn't so bad.  I put them in the dishwasher on the top shelf.  They've been holding up well.  We've had a couple left in weird places that ended up holding science experiments but they washed up just fine. Get them.  They're terrific for families.
were expecting . 1st off let me say this , it's made in China . It's smaller than your average lunch box and has no lil' drink bottle inside  either . Also the latch is plastic and although it's holding i've got my doubts as to it's longevity for my grandson . The box itself is however tin and although i like that it's metal , it's unbelievable thing metal and poorly hinged with simple folded over tangs or flaps as i'd call em that link it to the other and that's for sure not all that secure . As for the pro's or positives to this lil' box , it's Curious George and all kids love or loved his cute lil' monkey shennanigans at some point and time . The artwork is pretty well done and seemingly durable thus far . The price of course was a plus and sadly i'm realizing that we've got what we've paid for ...
Can't chop anything well.  [Tried onions, tomatoes, celery, olives, nuts, and many other items.]  Tried 2, 4, and 8-oz loads.  Tried 1/8, 1/4, 1/2 cup loads.All you get is half mush and the other half "as is".I think it could "mix" 1/4 cup of cooked rice with a 1/2 cup of water ... but who needs that?This will be the last Cuisinart product I'll buy; their griddler, blender, and ice cream maker are poorly engineered too ... and I long ago stopped using them.
I've been using this almost daily for about a month. Easy to use, easy to clean, and looks nice on the counter. No real complaints, except that the bowl feels kind of thin, like it would crack easily. I own a full-size Cuisinart food processor and another mini (a cheap-o brand) and the bowls on those feel much sturdier. I hope I'm wrong about the bowl, but I guess only time will tell. Other than that, no complaints, and I'd recommend buying this!Update 6/27/13: After three months of regular use the bowl is still holding up, and it's still doing what it's supposed to do. My only complaint at this point is that this little mini-prep does not have a feed tube. Obviously I knew this when I purchased it, but hindsight is 20/20.
I needed a way to liquify single servings of food to provide nutrition through my mother's feeding tube.  She does not tolerate the commercial nutrition, but does well with her customary food.  I tried using a blender, but the end result was inconsistent for bolusing through a feeding tube even after adding additional liquid.  We have used the Cuisinart I purchased when they were first introduced to the USA, which worked well but was inconvenient for on-the-spot use and for travel.  I read the reviews for this and other mini Cuisinarts and decided to try the "cheaper" one.  I am impressed with its performance, ease of use and compact size.  It is clearly worth the small price I paid.  I most like the ports in the top for slowly introducing liquids.  It is perfect for my intended use, and I can envision how to use it in cooking. I highly recommend it.
well i'm not impressed because all it is,is a mini food processor, nothing spectacular as they all work the same. I did like the fact that I could get it in a different color which was blue. I thought I would use it more but I have only used it a couple of times. I still like my bigger food processor and feel I may have wasted my money buying it. it probably would be great for an older person who doesn't need the big food processor and only needs to chop up small stuff.
This is my very first mini processor, i was so excited to get it for making baby puree.  Its a good size for that purpose,small enough i can leave it on the counter top.  However, i am disappointed after my first try.  I put baby carrot  and broccoli in it, used on HI as recommended, many of the carrot didn't get chopped properly, i can still see quite big chuck in it.  I have used the same receipt to make puree in a blender(non-cuisinart) before, and the texture turn out perfect, just like the glass jar puree you get from store. This one is quite grainy.
This is a good little machine with limitations.  it is very cheaply made.  no question about it.  I expect it will last a few months.  BUT, for the price I can either get it replaced or just keep buying new ones.  Not the best consumer mentality, but I think that's how it's going to be.  It IS very small.  I had anticipated making sauces with it but even for small meals you need to do it in several batches.  I tried shredding vegetables in it and it nipped away at the outer skin of it but left me with some round balls of vegetable matter that required quite a bit of shifting.  It's easy to clean and while it has quite a few drawbacks, I see this getting much more use than my larger machines because of it's overall ease.
I received this as a present and was convinced I wouldn't find a use for it.  Much to my surprise I love it!  It sets on the counter next to my DLC7-Pro.  It is a whiz for chopping a cup ful of nuts for a recipe, making quick bread crumbs for meatloaf, chopping herbs and making dressings.  The blade reverses for chopping or mixing so make sure to have the side up you want for the task at hand.  It is easy to use and a breeze to clean.  I just pop the soiled parts in the dishwasher and forget it.  I would not want to be a day with out this tiny wonder.
This is a MINI processor, and that's why I bought it...NOT to do the big jobs, I have the "big boy" to do that.  I do like the how handy it is to do the small jobs, so I don't have to use the big one.  I use it a lot to make home made dressing.  Clean up is easy and quick, as is the machine.  It will scar the bowl if you try to grind hard spices, etc. however...but it states that in the manual.
I bought this item specifically for grinding spices and herbs for indian cooking. It does a fairly decent job with the spices although you need to have at least 1/4 cup for it to work well. As to the herbs perhaps I'm doing something wrong but it did not do as well. The herbs that were above the blade stayed put and it took a lot of scraping the bowl to get them chopped up. An addition of something solid (perhaps an onion or a some butter) would probably take care of the problem but just the leaves on their own give this processor a hard time.
I have had this cuisinart for about 2 years now, and it is still going strong.  I have been impressed by its ability to chew through large volumes of basil when making pesto, and small things like sesame seeds for making tahini.  It is also perfect for grinding cookies for pie crusts.  And the size means you don't have to be using a large volume to get great results.  I don't think this mini prep eliminates the usefulness of a full-size cuisinart, but it sure is much easier to clean up when you only need to process 1-2 cups of something.
I find it a little difficult to get the get the consistency I want.  Some things get liquefied if the chunks are too big and I want to try for a little smaller.  What I wind up with is liquid -- but still with some chunks in it!  That, for me is not too bad; I just wanted it for small amounts where hand slicing/chopping wouldn't do the job.  I have had the Cuisinart Mini-Prep for three-and-a-half years and used it again, tonight, for the first time in two years!  Then I remembered why I had not used it.  The parts have too many small grooves and recesses which just do not wash cleanly -- easily.  After brushing and scrubbing the disassembled parts I find that to get off all the small smears of food I have to resort to Q-Tips to get the numerous little, tight angles and grooves clean.  It's a  hygiene horror!
The blade mechanism on this chopper is extremely difficult to remove or adjust.  I have very small fingers, and there is still barely enough room between the two blades for me to press on the plastic ring to remove it.  I can't imagine how someone with large fingers would manage.  My husband and I both sliced our fingers numerous times the first time we assembled this and tried to change the blade position, so I read the manual to see if we were doing it wrong.  Well, the diagram in the manual doesn't correspond to the actual machine, so it's useless.On top of the danger, it doesn't even do that good of a job chopping.  There's nothing I can do in this thing that I can't do better and more easily with my hand-held blender.  Save your money AND your fingers!  Steer clear of this thing!
I am a quadriplegic with very little hand dexterity and find cutting and chopping extremely difficult and time consuming. A good friend gave me one of these as a gift in the 1980s. That one lasted around 12 years(!!!) I just burned-out my second one: and now I'm here to buy my third! It's very easy to operate, even for a quad!!It really works fast and the processing mechanism is made well. I have processed things as soft as olives to as hard as almonds, and this machine tackles them all very nicely and clean-up in easy.
Then go with the Ninja Master Prep. I bought both and the Cusinart turned an onion into mush. When i tried to just pulse it the pieces were very inconsistant, so I pulsed a littlemore and it turned it to mush. On the New Ninja Master Prep. It has only pulse one speed, but its more powerful and the mini base has four blades, two like the cusinart and two more above them so if you put a half an onion in and give it one short pulse your done. I had to chop garlic the Ninja chopped it up perfectly. Its more money than the mini cusinart but its a muchbetter unit.
I wore out my original one, so this purchase was a no-brainer. I pulse/chop carrots for salads, and just this use is worth the price. If I don't have the mini food processor and I'm going to make a salad, I often skip carrots since I would have to drag out the big food processor, and wash all the parts afterwards. Carrots are so good for you, and I like small pieces of carrot in salads, not chunks like you get with a knife. I use the mini processor for making small amounts of sauces, dressing, and grating single servings of firm cheese. Very useful and versatile. This one is just like my old one, except the black chrome is new to me and very nice looking.
I love this little guy!  I use it for just about everything!  I make salad dressing all the time, and yesterday I made topping for a cherry crumble.  Easy to use, easy to clean!  I never put any of the parts in the dishwasher, I think its ok to do so, but from past experience, these sort of items tend to wear out more quickly if they are subject to the heat of dishwasher drying, so I don't do it.  This is definitely one of the handiest little gadgets in my kitchen.  Great for gifts too!
Cuisinart, I thought, built quality products. Then they started manufacturing this mess that they call a blender. What a stretch to call it a blender! It needs help to puree the ingredients for a smoothie (you must frequently STIR the ingredients yourself.) The blade assembly eventually cracked. There is now a black residue around the black whirly thing on the base. My husband thinks that it over heated. All that damage from making SMOOTHIES?! Yep. Cuisinart take note-I AM NOT BUYING CUISINART PRODUCTS AGAIN. I would venture to guess others feel the same. I'm happy that some folks had a good experience with this "blender" but I am not one of them.
In my humble opinion, most of blenders are not great.  The motors are not powerful to chop through heavy amounts ice and frozen fruit. I've burned through a couple of cheap Hamilton Beach ones.  So if you are doing a lot of entertaining, you might want to look at a commercial one.Use your head.  You may need to pulse it a few time to shave the frozen stuff down. Or you can slowly add ice after you blended the other igredients. Also, you should look at the recipe book.  The recipe book gives you hints on how to "layer" the ingredients.I made some awesome hummus by following their directions.As I said earlier, if you are doing heavy blending work with ice you may need a professional unit.  I have heard some of the high end Warings fit the bill.
I'd lower my number of stars, but can't because this is an edit of a previous review.  I had this blender for four years (an admittedly long time, but I used it very rarely).  I noticed after a year or so that there were fine black plastic bits on the base of the blender.  After a few more years of use the plastic mechanism in the base of the unit that spins the blades split in two.My husband and I were going to throw it in the trash, but then felt a wave of guilt about how in our consumeristic culture we never repair things anymore, etc.  So he went online and ordered the broken part for $[...].  When he tried to replace it we realized that an interior screw had become stripped and it was impossible to remove the broken piece.  THEN we threw it in the trash and bought an Osterizer, which doesn't have any plastic moving parts.
I love the blender portion.  It works great at crushing ice and other items.  The food processor is another story.  Works to chop up and blend items, but the motor noise alone has forced me to stop using it.  With each use, the noise is louder and so irritating.  I am extremely disappointed that I can't use the processor portion of it.  As much as I love the blender, I can't recommend the purchase because you won't be able to use the processor without ear plugs.
This blender replaced a Sunbeam I had for 30 years.  The jar is oversized and supported by small blades placed in a small opening at the base of vessel, isolated from the mass inside. It takes forever to blend anything smooth.  After operating the motor for more than a few moments it begins to emit a strong burning smell.  The plastic drive assembly for the blades snapped off in the first week of use.  Cuisinart replaced one free.  The second one cost about twenty dollars.  I would not recommend this blender, there are better choices.
This is a great blender that's gotten a bad rap. I've owned this model for years and it outperforms all others for my specific task: pureeing Progresso's Manhattan Clam Chowder. The ice crushers don't liquefy the clam pieces. The Cuisinart purees their little hearts out. The mechanical construction is still the Achilles heel but if I can get 2-3 years daily service for 59 bucks, I'm good.Btw, Progresso Manhattan Clam Chowder is a watery mess from the can. Once it's throughly blended, like a shrimp bisque, it's a world class soup. I'd put it up against anything in a top restaurant. I've had one can a day for twenty years. Unfortunately, this doesn't work for other Progresso soups (they're already too thick). Another stroke of genius: blending pea soup with vegetable soup, but this only works for mid-price restaurant soups.
Worked great for the three months that it functioned.  I liked the glass jar and it made great smoothies.  It was powerful and never bogged down.  Then it just quit working.  It is made in China and of apparently poor quality.  Too expensive to buy one every three months.  I would look for something with better reviews.I changed my review on this from one star to four stars because the manufacturer stands by there product.  They replaced the blender with no hassles.  However, it still broke after three months so you should be careful.
This blender is unreliable and does not work well for smoothies (our main use for a blender). When the cutter assembly broke (after ~20 uses) I contacted Cuisinart about a warranty replacement. Since the blender was purchased as a gift (from our wedding registry), we did not have "proof of purchase" and Cuisinart did not honor the 3-year warranty.We purchased a replacement part from CuisinartWebstore.com (~$21 with shipping) and got through another ~10 uses before that cutter assembly broke as well. This time with a proof of purchase in hand I called cuisinart customer "service" again only to learn they do not warranty items bought at the webstore (i.e. the replacement part had no warranty).If we could rate a company / brand here as well I would give one star to Cuisinart (i.e. Conair) for their shoddy product quality and poor customer service.
Macy had these for $39.99 so I bought three.  All three failed within a very short period of time.Cuisinart charges $10 for warranty repair and you have to pay shipping to return them to Cuisinart, plus all the time required to copy your sales invoice, repackage the unit, deliver it to the post office and wait in that line all for the $17 difference in simply buying another unit.Then again, why bother buying another or even getting a warranty replacement since you'll be going through the same process a few months later.
Unreliable and hard to clean.I took full advantage of the warrantee on this coffeemaker. With a only 6 months of service, the grind mechanism bound and couldn't be removed. Cuisinart replaced under the warrantee (I did have to pay shipping charges!) Less than a year later a repeat performance. Again, I paid shipping and Cuisinart replaced the machine. Well you know what happened!  The third one just went in the trash as the warrantee expired two months ago.The machine was always difficult to clean - so know I am online to look at Melita's!
I've had two of these machines.  The first one lasted almost 2 years and made outstanding coffee.  The second one makes absolutely terrible coffee.  I have come to the conclusion that this second machine doesn't get the water hot enough so the coffee is weak and bitter no matter what I do.  The temp in the carafe at the conclusion of brewing is only 150 degrees.  I spent so much time and money thinking it was my error, but now I'm fairly sure it isn't my fault.If you get a good one it's great, but the one I have now makes undrinkable coffee.  I bought a refurbished one the second time around, I'll never make that mistake again.  There's a reason why those products are so much cheaper.
We have had this model for over a year and, while it does make good coffee, it is SUCH a pain to clean.  You have to remove the entire grinding/ filter mechanism each and every time coffee is made.  Also, the grounds somehow wind up going everywhere and the water reservoir must be cleaned at least every 2 or 3 pots in order to keep the grounds out of your water.  If I had it to do over again I'd spend the extra money and buy the Capresso machine.  My mother has the Capresso and it's much better!
This coffee maker makes good coffee, but all the little parts, which don't fit together quite right will make you crazy.  This is a pain to clean.  The basket is large and over time became more difficult to remove.  After a few months, I couldn't get it out, even with a pliers.  Also after a couple of months the automatic drip control broke off, when trying to remove the basket.  I emailed the vendor several times more repair or a replacement part...no response.  Now that the machine hasn't been cleaned properly for a few months the coffee doesn't taste that good.  In the trash it goes.  The machine also "beeps" at you a lot....like I need one more complaint!  Good coffee, but needs design tweaks and customer service improvement.
FIVE stars for excellent coffee and ease of use.  I use the sink sprayer and have no trouble rinsing grounds out of coffeemaker.  I have bought two for my use in our two homes and given two as gifts.  Fresh ground coffee is the best!  If you are going to buy this grinder, be sure to buy the gold-toned metal filter.  Paper filters change the taste of the coffee.June 2009 - This lasted two years and I would buy it again if this item had not been discontinued by the manufacturer.
I think everyone agrees it makes the best coffee for a coffeemaker in its price range. It does take longer to clean. I purchased a second one (amazon sale for $59.99)since it was cheaper than buying the individual replacement parts. I use a soapy papertowel to wash the pieces and then throw it away. One should use soap vs. just rinsing to rid the plastic of the coffee oils. Then if I want a second pot, I either use the other set of parts or if both sets are wet, I dry the pieces with a couple of papertowels. This probably takes 2-4 minutes. I think it's worth the time.
The idea of a machine that ground &amp; brewed coffee was too good to resist, and for a while it was fine (althought it's noise scared the heck out of my dog);  within the first year the heating element croaked.  Sent it back &amp; got a replacement unit, which incidentally only is warranteed for the balance of the first unit's warranty!  6 months later, today, with a full pot of coffee on board, it burst into flame!  Whoa! Fortunately my husband was in the kitchen and took care of it before the house went up. I'm going back to Braun, no question!!
Worked great for the first year we had it, when we used it maybe 3-4 times.But after that, it seemed like nothing would ever really freeze up enough. I looked into the problem and decided that I might have damaged the cooling capability of the bowl by cleaning it with hot water (which is a no-no).So, I bought a replacement bowl, and once again, for the first year with a few uses it seemed to be OK.But now once again, it's just not getting cold enough - and this time I *know* it's not my fault since I have been very careful to only wash the bowl in cold water.
I received this as a wedding gift and like it a lot. Although it is super easy to use, it is not really a practical gadget for regular use. The canister requires a chunk of freezer space and must be frozen a day in advance. The appliance itself has a small footprint and a nice cord keeper underneath. Would be a good purchase for those who like different ice cream flavors, dieters, or those with special diet requirements (like no sugar). I usually make mango ice cream in it. In addition to ice-cream, it is fun for parties to make slushy fruity drinks. In  that case you will want to get an extra canister.
I really wanted to love this ice cream maker.  I was Somersizing and wanted to use the all natural ice cream mixes that went along with the diet.  I could get my ice cream to freeze- that wasn't a problem. It was like wonderful soft serve in the middle of the bowl.  However, all along the edges of the bowl it was frozen rock solid and NOTHING was going to remove the ice cream from around it.  The ring of rock hard ice cream wasn't just a small skim, it was a substantial amount.  Sadly, this has spent more time hidden in the depths of my cabinets than being used.
My mom gave me this ice cream maker as a Christmas present a few years ago. My husband and I are vegan, so we were really excited about creating new vegan ice cream recipes. (I eventually started compiling them in my blog, A Vegan Ice Cream Paradise.)We've never had a problem with the machine. Every recipe I've invented has frozen nicely. I keep the bowl in the freezer all of the time, so I can make ice cream whenever I feel like it.I do wish that the plastic covering/shield thing was dishwasher-safe, because it can be a pain to clean, especially when I'm using a high-fat coconut milk. Still, it's not too difficult, and the reward (awesome vegan ice cream) is worth it.
Once I got the hang of it (there is a bit of a learning curve, but it's not terribly steep), I loved the frozen treats that I could make - especially frozen yogurt.A few weeks ago, while it was mid way thru churning, the upper, cylindrical part of the dasher snapped away from the vertical, scraping arm.  Because the machine is out of warranty, I had to order the part's replacement at my own expense.  While it's not going to break the bank, Cuisinart informed me that it would take 8 weeks (!) to fill my order.I'd considered ordering the dasher that was introduced in the newer model, since it's supposed to be more efficient, but I wasn't sure that it would fit in the ICE-20.Bottom Line:  Great concept, lousy parts.
This is THE BEST fool proof way of making ice cream.  No more messing with salt and ice cubes--this maker has a special bowl that you keep in the freezer that freezes the ingredients (mine is always frozen so whenever I want to make ice cream I can). This machine comes with a pretty thorough booklet with ice cream recipes in it but you can make "frozen ANYTHING" with this maker.  Did you know that you could make frozen pudding? The ice cream technique that Cuisinart has perfected of a constant scraping of the sides of the bowl assures that your ice cream is super smooth too. Make as little or as much as over a quart at a time.  Great machine!  I've had mine for about six years and use it about once a month and it is still as quiet as the day I bought it.
First let me start by saying I was a little skeptical of ice cream makers. The ones we had when we were kids required dry ice and lots of time, neither of which I have.  This is the best though.  The ice cream is so good and really easy.  I've only had this ice cream maker 4 days and I've already made vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream and peach frozen yogurt and each one is delicious.  It makes the perfect amount for a family, not too much so you're sick of it before it's gone or too little.  And it's so easy.  Basically you just pour the ingredients in while it's mixing and in 30 minutes you have ice cream.
I bought this from a local retailer since it was the only one in stock, and was so disappointed I returned it. It made sherbet (milk-based) with no problem at all, but I've really been craving sorbet, and the freezer bucket simply wasn't cold enough to do the job--it chilled my mix, but didn't even turn it to slush before it had warmed... at which point I had no choice but to put the bucket back in the freezer for another 9 hours, only to repeat the cycle several times before giving up.
I have had an old Donvier manual model for 30 years, so I'm used to using a chiller bowl.  However, there's no comparison between hand turning the paddle in the Donvier model and letting the Cuisinart do it's thing. I love the fact that the chiller turns and the paddle is stationary.I leave the chiller in the freezer for 1-2 days and make sure my ice cream bases are nice and cold as well.  My ice cream is ready in about 12-13 minutes.  So easy, creamy, fast and smooth. Love, love, love this Cuisinart.I debated on whether to get the 2 qt model or the 1 1/2. My old Donvier makes 2 qts. I opted for the 1 1/2 qt and find that's plenty of ice cream.  Thinking about buying a 2nd chiller for times when I do want to make more than 1 1/2 qts or when I want to make 2 different types of ice cream on the same day.So glad I bought this!Farewell Donvier!
I had never in my life had homemade ice cream until now, my husband and I bought this as a Christmas present to the both of us, we have everything else you can think of but never an ice cream maker, well we are so impressed with the ice cream we can't wait to try other types. It is without a doubt the best tasting ice cream I have ever had, and this machine makes it so easy to make, just pour in the ingredients and turn it on, set a timer and you can relax, when it is done transfer the ice cream to a freezer safe container and let it harden and you have the best tasting ice cream ever! Try it, you will love it!
I had used an old ice cream maker for years, but got tired of the ice and salt mess, so was using the maker less and less. Decided to try the Cuisinart for a family party using our treasured family ice cream recipe. After reading some of the reviews, I was worried that it wouldn't come out ok, especially since I was using a recipe that has been handed down for years in our family. Well, let me tell you -- we were all delighted. If you just make sure the bowl has been in the freezer for overnight and that your ingredients are cold, it did the job just perfectly. We chose to make it the day before we wanted to serve it to ensure the proper consistency, but you wouldn't have to necessarily if you don't mind more of a soft-serve consistency. Love the machine; am so glad I can make our family homemade ice cream again!
We've had this Cuisinart ice cream maker for several months now and have made many different flavors of ice cream.  Without exception the product has been excellent.  I've read some earlier reviews where the reviewer had a problem with the ice cream being too soft.  We have neve experienced this problem.  When it is initially finished it is not as hard as when purchased in a store.  However, merely by placing in the freezer, where ice cream belongs in the first place, it hardens to regular consistency.  Perhaps the reason is that we use the Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream book (available from Amazon).I could not expect or experience a better product for making any kind of ice cream.
I make Raw Cream Ice Cream twice a week.  It works great.  It makes 6 cups.  I need 2 for parties.  Don't over fill and run till it's hard and it's firmer than soft serve.I get 5 cups of cream per gallon of Raw Milk, straight from the mamma cow.  I add 6 Raw Free-Range Egg Yokes, a 1/4 cup of Maple Syrup, 2 1/2 tablespoons of Vanilla Extract and 1 tablespoon of Psyllium Husks.  It's so healthy.  I consider it medicine for my 3 year boy.I find that it does stick to the bowl some.  It's not a problem unless you put it back in the freezer with ice cream in it.  I only do that when I'm leaving soon after making ice cream.  It's not totally quiet, but what do you expect from a motor.  It's quieter than the old salt and ice type.
I received this for my bridal shower.  I tried it to make sure it worked before I lost the gift receipt.  It is so easy to use.  I made up a batch of ingredients to make vanilla frozen yogurt.  It was quick and easy to assemble.  I poured the liquid in and off it went for 20-25 minutes.  It was louder then I anticipated, but nothing crazy.  It froze perfectly and tasted wonderful.  I am looking forward to making more delicious ice creams, sorbets, sherbets, frozen yogurts, and even frozen slushy drinks.  This thing is awesome.  It seems pretty darn solid and it easy to clean.
I bought this for me last summer, and I loved it so much, I bought another as a gift.  It's easy, taste so much better than anything you can buy, and it's fun to be creative.  We never have left over icecream sitting in the freezer now, and when we want some, I keep cream handy in the fridge, so we just toss the ingredients into a blender, pour it into the already frozen bowl, and "Voila" 30 minutes later we have icecream !!!  Fastest dessert I've ever made, and always a big hit.  Great way to use up ripe bananas, and make banana split ice cream.
I love my Cuisinart ICE-20 Ice cream maker and would highly recommend it to anyone. I have made countless different recipes in it, and this machine makes creamy ice cream in mere minutes. I have also partly frozen the ice cream and then layered a combination of flavors creating a stunning semifredo dessert. When you can get Cuisinart quality at such a reasonable price, why pay more? The only problem I had was that the ice cream was so good I wanted to make more shortly after and the freezer bowl had not completely frozen again. An additional freezer bowl is on my Christmas wish list this year!
I bought this because I love ice cream and can't have many of the "preservatives" in store brands and I can't afford the price of high end natural ice creams. Thinking worse case scenario the grandkids would love it I made my first batch of ice cream using fat free half and half, it was amazing!As for the noise it makes, I discovered that setting it on a folded towel on the counter cuts down on the noise alot. My husbands plan is setting it up in the laundry room, closing the door and setting a time, lol that works too.I usually only have to place container in the frezer for 6 hours before using it so I think freezing time depends on type of freezer and settings.What I like teh most is how easy it is to make ice cream and the clean up is also fast and easy.I'm getting each of my adult children one for Christmas gifts this year.
Most ice cream beside Bryers contains High fructose corn syrup a genetically altered product the goes the serial sets with acids enzymes and bacteria to create this very unnatural product and while its in alot of adult food suprising it never in baby food maybe that can be expalned as baby rats die in 5 weeks when feed it while normal rats lives an avarage of 2 years unlees there feed a high copper dietso making you own ice cream is much better for you the genetically altered [...]and all those who had one die with in a month or two get over it as you got a defective one so return it. my recomendations is to use it a lot in the first month even if you got to give it to friends to make sure you got a good one. so if it dies you can get contact amazon and get it replaced
i gave this to my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it. once you put all the stuff in the bowl it only takes 15 minutes, though it should be noted that it then needs a few hours in the freezer to freeze up fully and that many recipes require a little prior prepping. i still think this is the easiest one you will find and it's a big plus to not need ice or salt. very easy to clean and there is an opening at the top so you can watch it work. very cool.
Awesome product... just make sure that your freezer bowl is frozen solid... leave it in your freezer for 1 1/2 to 2 days between ice cream batches just to be sure.  Also, you may want to chill your mixture for 1-2 hours in the refrigerator prior to using the ice cream machine.  My first batch was awful because my bowl was not completely frozen and my mixture wasn't as cold as it should have been.  Other than that, its an awesome machine that is easy to clean and makes wonderful ice cream.  If you really like ice cream or have a large family, you may want to buy an extra freezer bowl.  The ice cream will go fast!
I received this item for Christmas.  I wanted it so I could make more natural ice cream without all those additives.  I used a simple recipe from off the web: Some whole milk, condesed milk, and cocoa powder.  At first it was a failure because I only froze the container for 5 hours.  It didn't swish when I shook it, so I thought I was good to go.  After nearly 2 hours I just had cold ingrediants.  I put them in the fridge and froze the container overnight and restarted in the morning.  After only 30 minutes I had some of the most amazing ice cream I have ever had.  I will never buy ice cream from the store again.  This ice cream maker is awesome, I love it.
We wanted to get an Ice Cream maker so that we could make "Ice Cream" with Soy Milk for someone sensitive to dairy products.  We considered the ones with built in freezers but not only were they expensive but heavy.  We have make banana and strawberry "ice cream" using soy milk and both have come out perfect.  The total time was about 30 minutes and we ate it right out of the container without additional freezing.  We froze the leftover and it still tasked good but could not compare to the consistency of the original.  We are considering getting a second container so that we can make a second batch right after the first.
Highly recommended! I LOVE this ice cream maker. It's so easy and the results are amazing. I like GOOD ice cream (like Haagen-Dazs)and this machine creates stellar ice cream. It rivals any of the best ice cream you can find. Even the basic recipes produce excellent ice cream. I've made mint chip, premium vanilla bean and strawberry. I do recommend using quality dairy products for best results (I use Organic Valley milk and heavy cream). Sorry, Haagen-Dazs. I won't be buying any more ice cream from you!
This is a very simple machine that does what it's supposed to with very little fuss.  I put the frozen bowl part in our upright freezer at least a few hours before I expect to make ice cream.  I make the custard for the ice cream at the same time.  After dinner, I put the frozen part on the stand, put in the mixing blade and top with the lid.  Then I pour the custard in and 20-30 minutes later we enjoy fresh ice cream with no additives.  If you want ice cream that is harder than soft serve, it will need to "ripen" a bit more in your freezer.  But this is a delightful machine that I highly recommend.  I never made ice cream before it, and never want to buy it from a grocery again.
This product is getting great reviews for good reason. Here are a few tips I've discovered along the way. First, freeze the bowl overnight. Second, chill your ingredients in the freezer for 20 minutes or so to ensure they are thoroughly chilled. Use pure vanilla, not imitation vanilla extract. In doing both of these things, I've found I've been able to create soft serve ice cream, which I then freeze for a couple of hours for a hard serve. In not doing these things, I've found that I create milkshakes, and that ain't bad! It's just not always what one wants. To get good quality ice cream with little hassle is a real treat! My only disappointment? That sorbet isn't low calorie. Amazingly, the recipes in the instruction manual show sorbet and frozen yogurt are on par calorically with homemade ice cream at about 215 calories per 1/2 cup serving. Sugar substitutes could help reduce calories significantly, and I'll experiment with those recipes.
This is an excellent little machine that makes just enough icecream for my family and I know exactly what goes in it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the manual states the bowl will be ready between 6 and 22 hours. I tried using it after 6 and 12 hours. At 6 hours it did not do anything with the blended mixture. Obviously it was not frozen enough. At 12 hours, I got the outside of the mixture sticking to the bowl and the core of the mixture not churned/frozen. This may not be an issue for everyone, but with our freezer and our bowl it takes a good 20 to 24 hours of the bowl being in the freezer to get the icecream just right.
I actually have the red model with 2 freezer inserts.  It's a very simple machine with only 4 parts and is easy to clean.  The only thing you have to remember is to keep the freezer inserts in the freezer and that the ice cream will be soft when finished churning.  I put my finished ice cream in containers in the freezer and they're ready to eat in a couple of hours.  I wasn't all that happy with the recipes I found in the booklet (didn't want to use heavy cream or cook the base) but there are skazillions of recipes on line and after some trial and error I made up my own.  I saw some people complained of the noise, but it's not all that loud and it only churns for 30 minutes.  Here's the link to my ice cream recipe (makes 2 inserts worth of ice cream) if you're interested.  [...]  I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought this ice cream maker after I took an Ice Cream, Gelato and Sorbet class at Sur La Table cooking store.  Because we were making so many different types of desserts, we had several ice cream makers working in the classroom at the same time.  This ice cream maker was by far my favorite that day and I bought it about a week later.I liked the ease of adding ingredients through the opening on the top and the size is perfect for me.I have used my new ice cream maker with no problems.  The bowl froze easily (probably in less than 24 hours) in the bottom and back of the freezer.  Within about 20 minutes, I had wonderfully frozen ice cream.I certainly plan on getting more adventurous with my ingredients and do not anticipate any problems with this wonderful machine.
I love this because you decide on the ratio of cream to milk & how much sugar/sweeterner to add.  Also, I always store mine in the freezer so it is ready to go whenever anybody wants to make ice cream.  It's so simple that my kids can mix the 4 ingredients in the blender, pour it into the frozen bowl, turn it on, & 25 minutes later, you've got delicious ice cream.  Add extra mix-ins at the end for a variety of flavors.  We love it & there's nothing better on a hot summer night.
I bought 2 of these so I would always have one chilled and ready to go. I really like how fast it makes ice cream. I use both of the bowls and keep the second unit in storage as a replacement when this one wears out. Its not that much more to buy 2 units compared with buying an extra freezer bowl. So I should be making frozen desserts for years.I also make frozen yogurt and pudding ice cream. The texture is just right when its finished. I added frozen fruit at the end and it was great.It does get firmer if you put it into the freezer. So I put it into individual portions and that way I don't have to deal with a block.Clean up is easy
I bought this as a Christmas present to myself last year. It's easy to use, makes great ice cream, and the design is simple, so there aren't many complicated mechanical things going on that are in danger of screwing up. It was a great price, and now I can make whatever weird flavored ice cream I can think of. If you want to control the fat/carb/preservative/etc. content, you can do that (but why would you WANT to?!?).Be prepared to make space in your freezer for the bowl and for your collection of home made ice cream. Within a day or two of buying this, I had about 5 or 6 different flavors in the freezer.Pros- easy to use, easy to clean, simple design, great priceCons- freezer bowl can hog limited freezer space
I chilled the ingredients and the bowl prior to use, and only had to leave the ice cream maker on 15 minutes ! After trying the custard base ice cream and the yogurt, I'd say I prefer the yogurt base better.  Why  you might ask ??  I had difficulty not boiling the custard and also determining if it was thick enough to remove from the heat. Too much stress and time for me !  The texture and flavor to me was similar.I already had beautiful homemade yogurt in my fridge (courtesy of Saltons yogurt maker and AMAZON.) Try the chocolate frozen yogurt included in the booklet, tart yet sweet, yum.Ease of use is a definite 5 star.  All of the parts washed up nicely and went together quickly. The noise is a 3.  I ran it while showering at 6:00 a.m.  Would I run it during dinner etc. no.I would recommend this product and purchase again.
Without a doubt, this is a great appliance!  Mine was a gift, but Amazon's price is the best (as is the service).  It works exactly as Cuisinart says it will and what more can you ask than honesty.The bowl freezes quickly in my upright freezer.  Some reviews say their bowl never freezes solid.  Perhaps their freezers need adjusting?  In fact, after making ice cream (about 20 minutes) my bowl is still mostly frozen.Recipes do not seem to be as important as when baking, so don't be afraid to try something innovative.  Start with a proven recipe to get the feel of it, then improvise.We are healthy eaters.  It's nice to know the ingredients I'm using are healthy.  It's also nice to be able to adjust the sweetness to our liking.Have fun!
I and my family have had a blast with this ice cream maker! We have been making up some of our own recipes as well as using those supplied with the machine and some from Ben & Jerry's recipe book. The savings over store bought ice cream is phenomenal too. I only have one small exception to our "eye blasting red" ice cream maker (and it is indeed a small exception). It could be perhaps be a bit quieter... On the other hand, it is readily apparent by the change in the "noise" the machine makes, that your delectable treat is ready to decant!GET IT, MAKE IT, LOVE IT...  then do it again!
Take some chocolate milk, cool whip and eagle brand milk.  Mix together and pour in the ICE-20.  In appr. 25 minutes you have ice cream that tastes like a Wendy's Frosty.  Keep excess mixture in frig for later.  It actually tastes better after being in the frig overnight.  I was amazed how easy the ICE-20  is to clean.  No salt to rinse out, no ice - just some great, smooth, wonderful ice cream.  After ice cream is made, you just rinse the bowl with hot water, dry and return to the freezer for the next time. The paddle and lid are also very easy to clean.  The manual says to keep the bowl in a plastic bag to prevent freezer burn.  I have had my ice cream maker for appr. one month and I could not be happier so far.
First, this is a very cute machine. I bought the red one and it looks very nice on my countertop. I was worried it might be loud after reading a review, but it is NOT - not at all. We made lemon sorbet and it turned out great. The only thing is, I recommend using 1/4 cup less sugar than the recipe says, because it was quite sweet. The sorbet was yummy and fresh, and the most delectable fresh lemon aroma drifted from the machine as it churned away. Yesterday we made vanilla ice cream, and it was delicious. It is so cool to watch it firm up and fun to count down the seconds at the finish. With summer approaching, this will be a fun machine to have around for the kids and guests! Making ice cream and other frozen treats was never so easy and fun!
I just received this yesterday, and after freezing the container for 6 hours we tried a batch of frozen yogurt.  I was a little apprehensive, since I'd read reviews where people were unable to get good results even after freezing the unit for 24 hours.  My first batch worked flawlessly!  The machine was quiet, operated smoothly, and it was soooo simple!  I am going to buy an extra freezing cannister so we can do two batches back-to-back.  We've been using our old electric rock salt machine, but now we'll probably get rid of it.  Also, due to the ease of using this Cuisinart maker, we'll make more of our own ice cream more often.  I recommend it.
Can I say more?  Well, this neat little ice cream maker doesn't take up much space on the counter when in use &amp; stores easily -- the base is no wider in diameter than a dinner plate.  The metal container portion of the ice cream maker has hollow walls that are filled with a fluid. After having it in the freezer overnight, when it's thoroughly frozen, you put it on the base, fill it with the ingredients for whatever flavor of ice cream you desire, put the mixing blade in and the top on then flip the switch. About a half hour to an hour later you have fresh delicious ice cream!  It's that simple. You can cover the original container and slip it in the freezer for later, or you can dish it out and wash and refreeze the container -- it is very easy to clean. Also, by the way, it's the best ice cream you'll ever have. Buy this as I did and you won't be sorry.
I greatly enjoyed a Donvier back when they were popular...this product is similar, but with the nice extra feature of doing the stirring for you! Like other reviewers have said, you need to be sure the freezer bowl is frozen solid before starting...I would put it in a freezer on a very cold setting for at least 24 hours. Refrigerate your mixture after making it for at least a couple hours. I usually run the ice cream maker until the ice cream is too hard for it to easily stir, and then take the freezer bowl out, cover it with foil and put it back in the freezer to get extra hard before serving. It comes out great, I have very little problem with ice crystals forming.
I've had my Cuisinart ice cream maker for 5 years now and am still delighted with it!  I even bought an extra freezer bowl in case I want to make 2 flavors the same day.  I do make sure to stop the freezer after 20-25 minutes of operation or the ice cream will start to soften.  And I learned early on to chill the ingredients OVERNIGHT or the ice cream won't freeze - just gets thick.  But it's a great item, and doesn't take up much space on the counter. I'm especially happy with it since I can't eat regular ice cream because of lactose intolerance.  So I use liquid nondairy creamer to make ice cream in this freezer and it's very satisfactory!
... is home-made ice cream. I am extremely pleased with my purchase of this simple but amazing unit. No mess, quick, easy, home made ice cream. Once you've tasted your first scoop you'll be addicted. Great for frozen drinks, too, including alcoholic drinks like pina colada and frozen Jack 'n coke.Solid construction, powerful motor. It's noisy but not too much.The ice cream from this (or any) ice cream maker comes out soft serve, but it's really true, if you put the ice cream in the freezer for another 1-2 hours, it hardens to the exact same consistency as store-bought ice cream. It's surprising the first time you try this, because you think it'll come out solid like a block of ice, but it doesn't - it's soft but scoopable.
I ordered the Cuisinart Ice Cream maker after reading all of the reviews on Amazon and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made.  To be honest, I thought that making home-made ice cream would be just too  difficult, but with the Cuisinart, I've made it three times in the past  week.  You simple mix-up the ingredients, chill, and then pour into the  pre-frozen bowl.  Perfect every time.  I highly recommend the book,  &quot;Gelato! : Italian Ice Cream, Sorbetti &amp; Granite&quot; by Pamela  Sheldon Johns as a great add-on.  I ordered the book with the hope of being  able to duplicate the Stracciatella(?) Gelato I had while on vacation in  Italy.  The recipe was simple (heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla, and  shaved chocolate) and the results were fabulous.This machine would  make a great gift as well!
Soft serve at best is what this unit does. I followed the instructions to the letter. The freezer container was kept at 0 degrees for &#62;24 hours. The mix was kept in the frid for 6 hours to hopefully assist in keeping things cold. The unit works well and within 15 minutes I had a nice batch of soft serve. However all the unit does is save you the trouble of mixing the batch by hand. I think Ice Cream means it shouldn't flow out of the container until it melts. This it pour-able into a dish. On a hot day of say 85 degrees, this wouldn't last long enough to lick a cone of it before it was running down your arm. I can deal with hand mixing from now on and placing the batch in the freezer and waiting.
This was a good purchase and the recipe book is great! I've made half of them now; some were awesome, some good, some didn't work. The only negative was that it was pretty loud and it got hot around the base after 10 minutes or so, which I found strange. An ice cream maker shouldn't get hot! The ice cream is still really yummy, but the machine could use a few mechanical tweeks. Overall, for $60, it does the job and there haven't been any major problems!
I ordered this RED ice cream maker to give to my husband's daughter and family for Christmas along with a RED quesadilla maker.  I ordered the Cuisinart because a friend has the stainless one and really brags about it - makes ice cream 2 or 3 times a week - says it is EASY and GOOD!  I just know that they will have a great family time together making ice cream with the RED ice cream maker and the color couldn't be any better for a Christmas gift!  And - yes - I shop early so there's not such a rush around Christmas time!
LOVE this ice cream maker.  I keep the bowl in the freezer in a plastic bag as recommended so it's ready when we are. Doesn't take up much room. It's the perfect size for my husband and me.  Have used the basic vanilla receipe in the instruction book with excellent results.  IT's SO EASY! I like that the top is open so I can add things, like fresh strawberries to the batch as it freezes.  I admit I wasn't sure it would work the first time, it seemed too easy, but sure enough in 25 minutes we were in ice cream heaven.  We like to transfer the ice cream to a tupperware container and stick it in the freezer for an hour or so before eating so it's firmer, but if we can't wait....  I'm sending my daughter one for a gift.  We might use our old salt and ice freezer for a planter or something.
Yes, upfront I'll say it's a little noisy, but that kind of goes with the territory.  Works perfectly, just as described in the directions.  I keep the bowl in the freezer all the time now.  It doesn't take up as much room as I feared it would.  Makes great ice cream, ice milk, bases for margaritas and sorbets and of course frozen yogurt.  I highly recommend going to the trouble of making a custard based ice cream.  Once you do that you may never make it any other way.  Once you price the ingredients, I cannot honestly say making ice cream is all that much cheaper than buying it, but the quality is far superior to store bought, and you have the added bonus of knowing exactly what is in your ice cream.
I have tried 4 different recipes in this machine so far.  3 were from the manual that came with the machine, and one was from the internet.  All 3 from the manual did not have very good texture.  The ice cream was not creamy and melty, it was either icy or fudgy.  I like the machine, it is easy to use, but also quite loud.  We ended up moving it in to the bathroom while it churned.  I think the recipes in the manual could use some improvement so that people don't blame the machine for the ice cream not coming out very well.  The recipe we tried that we got online was most like regular ice cream, but I didn't like that it had uncooked eggs in it.
This Product turned out to be what I expected based on other's reviews,but it does what it says if you follow the directions carefully.The only thing is that it does not get the ice cream to a solid texture,like soft serve as other's have said,so you can freeze it more within a few hours if preferred as I did.It is slightly noisy but it does not bother me,sound can be compared to a blow dryer on low perhaps but not exact,Other than that minor issue it works pretty good and I intend to use it plenty,also I was glad to purchase it in my favorite color red.
Makes ice cream! I am on a no carb diet.. but I didn't want to give up my favorite frozen treat. This makes ice cream.. takes maybe 20 minutes.. the ice cream holder itself requires about 24hrs to freeze prior to use. You can of course use it before 24 hours.. but its more like a milkshake.. which is also fine  :)I have never used an ice cream maker before this one. My boyfriend has a self refrigerating one.. he said this one is A LOT quieter.I love it.
Will never buy ice cream again!!  At first was hesitant bytthe few negative reviews.  Bought one two days ago and bought a load of milk and supplies cause figured it would take 5 or 6 times to get it right.  have made 4 ice creams already.  So far they have all turned out GREAT!  have always loved soft serve better.  used mostly the recipes that came with the machine except that being lactose intolerant, i used lactaid milk and also used baking splenda instead of sugar.  It worked out fine. But, i did make sure all the ingredients were real cold before i put them into the machine.  and also i put the 2 bowls into the chest freezer in plastic bags.  We are real happy with this for sure.
We were initially disappointed with this machine.  We tried recipes out of the booklet that came with it, the Ben & Jerry's book and another source.  The ice cream was just OK.  Something along the line of what we could pick up at the local convenience store.  Then we tried the recipe out of Christopher Kimball's The Desert Bible.  Hallelujah!  Creamy, rich, just what we had hoped for.We had a similar experience with our bread machine.  Mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook.  So, don't blame the machine too quickly.  The fault may lie in the recipe book.
I bought this because my son was diagnosed with a dairy allergy.  I wanted to be able to provide ice cream without breaking the bank.  There are new coconut milk ice creams available but at $6 a pint I could pay for this unit in a hurry.  I buy my Thai brand Coconut Milk (not lite) from Walmart at $1.42 per can.  You just freeze the cylander, add 2 cans of coconut milk, a little sugar, vanilla and whatever else you want to flavor and let it go.  1/2 hour later I had what looked like soft serve ice cream.  My children were so thrilled!
If you think that you cannot make good ice cream without the rock salt and a ton of ice, well you should check out this Cuisinart Ice Cream Maker!  It is so easy and convenient to use, and in 20-25 minutes you have soft serve ice cream.  If you want to freeze it hard, just put it in the freezer for awhile if there is any left after you taste your results over and over again!  Also, if you make a lot of ice cream, be sure to pick up the extra freezer container.  Keep one in the freezer at all times and you are never caught without one that is ready to go!
I've only used this once so far, but it's pretty awesome.  You just pour in your pre-mixed, chilled ingredients, press start, and set a kitchen timer.  20-30 minutes later, the ice cream comes out like soft serve, which is great, but you can pour it into a freezer container and firm it up if you'd like, (which I did because it was for a birthday party later in the day).  My only complaint is that it's a little noisy.  I wouldn't recommend running it while you're trying to watch a movie or something.  I'm looking forward to using this more when the weather warms up here in Michigan.
This is very easy to use; it's just like another small appliance you can use on your counter top.  It does a good job, except that a hard frozen layer forms around the sides and needs to be scraped down about halfway through.I'm updating this since I've had it a few more months.  It still works great, and I've been able to experiment more.  Even if I don't get the recipie just right, it freezes just fine.  I use frozen berries to make sorbets with less sugar (high fructose corn syrup) than the grocery store kinds.  I've also made a batch of very rich vanilla (with eggs carefully cooked) and it came out wonderful.
I put this ice cream maker on my Amazon.com wish list, and my sweet daughter sent it to me for my birthday. :)I just made my first batch of ice cream today. I'm very pleased with both the machine's performance and the taste/texture of the ice cream. My youngest daughter tasted the ice cream and said it was "awesome." I agree.About the noise level: I'm rather sensitive to loud noise, but I don't think this machine is particularly noisy. It's not whisper quiet, but it's not nearly as noisy as my Cuisinart blender.
I had never known of an ice cream maker that did not require either turning the crank manually until your muscles ached, or plugging it up and listening to the awful whirring, grinding, squawking sound of the electric type. Not to mention the mess with the salt and ice. This little maker doesn't make so much noise, no mess,  and it only takes 20 to 25 minutes to have firm ice cream. Transfer the ice cream into a container and place it in your freezer if you want solid as a rock ice cream. With the traditional freezers, you had to wait until you had a crowd to serve before you went to all that trouble. This makes one and one half quarts, which is just enough for one starving person, or six normal people. It comes with a recipe book and you can find tons of recipes on the web.
This is my second summer using the Cuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1 1/2-Quart Ice Cream Maker, and it's never let me down.  Now I find that this machine is Jeni Britton Bauer's favorite.  As she explains inJeni's Splendid Ice Creams at Home, when the ice cream is done, it will . . . still be soft, but the ice crystal structure is intact and stable.  Finish the freezing by . . . hardening it in the freezer."  My only complaint is that this machine is a bit noisy, but it takes just 25 minutes or so to freeze a batch--not too long to vacate the kitchen.
I love this machine.  A cousin had tried a couple of other brands including one about 4 times more expensive and had to return both of them, so I read the reviews very carefully.  This one is easy to use and it works.  I followed the instructions exactly. The ice cream is great.  I did freeze the ice cream for an additional 2 hours after it was mixed as the manual suggests.  Works perfectly. Yumm  It doesn't make a lot, just a little over two pints.
This machine is very easy to use.  It comes with a handy little recipe book to help you with your first few recipes.  One thing you must do is  freeze the bowl for a good 24 hours the first time, then you will want to  cover the bowl in plastic (to prevent freezer flavors tainting the bowl),  and leave it in your freezer.  You will be making home made ice cream in  about 20 minutes.  The consistancy is good, and it is delicous.  Best of  all, you will not be adding any strange presevatives, or anything you do  not want.  Ben and Jerry's has an excellent recipe book that you can get  here at amazon, and you will be making up tasty ice cream in no time!
I got one of these ice cream makers as a Christmas gift, and it's been fantastic. I was careful before requesting it to check the temperature of my freezer. If your freezer doesn't maintain a temperature of between 0-5 degrees Fahrenheit, your ice cream probably won't turn out that well. Mine stays at a chilly zero degrees, and I've been amazed at how quickly this machine makes great frozen desserts. I've made the full-fat ice creams, a couple of sherbets, and frozen yogurt -- everything froze quickly and evenly, and came out with fantastic texture and flavor. It's been a great gift. I keep the bowl in the freezer, wrapped in a plastic bag and filled with frozen vegetables, so it's always ready to go.
I bought this for my son for his birthday.  Wow, is it easy and delicious.  A person could be in real trouble with this ice cream maker sitting around.We first made the vanilla recipe and it was better than wonderful...just a few ingredients into the bowl and away you go.  Fat City is on the horizon.  I love it.  Thank goodness my son lives 1000 miles away or I would be in real trouble with this little machine.  The price is good and the ice cream is wonderful.  Wonderful gift.
I just got this machine and made the strawberry ice cream recipe that came with it.  Ben and Jerry, eat your heart out.  This is so easy there's no reason to ever eat store bought ice cream again.  No locust bean gum, no artificial color, no preservatives - and you can make it with organic ingredients if you want.  The ice cream tastes awesome, and I would recommend this machine to anyone, especially those who cannot use a hand crank machine, or don't want the fuss and muss of using salt.
I read many of the reviews before buying this ice cream maker, and the reviewers were right!  It's a great little machine...I don't think it's that noisy (no more so than a food processor).  I love it - I do agree that the recipes that come with it are not great, but there are lots of wonderful recipes out there.  This is fast, easy, and no worries about salt and ice running all over make it much more likely I will continue to use it quite often!
I have always used my kitchen aid attachment for ice cream and am very happy with it; however, we don't eat a lot of ice cream and the Kitchen Aid bowl was too big.  I picked this up when I read some great reviews and I am very pleased.  The ice cream maker is very easy to use and while not as quiet as I hoped for, it doesn't take long to get great ice cream.  Note that what you first end up with is more soft serve which we really enjoy but after a few hours in the freezer you have more of an ice cream texture.  Great product - Cuisinart never lets me down!
I've just gotten this machine and have made the basic vanilla ice cream twice. Both times were a total sucess!  The ice cream is delicious!  No more ice and salt mess! Preparation time is quick and easy! The machine is a little noisy, however, no big deal. It was facinating watching it thicken up for the final result. Time in the freezer is usually needed after it's done.  That's the hardest part....the waiting!  Clean up time is quick as well! Looking forward to trying the other recipes in the booklet, I'm sure they'll be just as tasty.  I highly recommend this machine!!  I know that we'll be having home made ice cream a lot more often now!
I bought this unit in hopes it would fill in a gap in our 'desert self-sufficiency', that is our ability to make rather than buy whatever we were craving and avoid having to hump into town for supplies.This gem of a unit has the frozen desert category covered.It IS bigger than it looked - but only about the size of standard Cuisinart food processer as far as footprint.  We keep the freezing bowl in the freezer and store popcicles and the like in the middle.  Note on the bowl:  its possible to make two batches before refreezing, just add some time to the second batch.It does make some noise, but for us its not too much.  Just position it properly and the noise factor can be mitigated quite a bit.Cleans up easy (mostly dishwasher) except for the tendency of water and washclothes to freeze to the bowl... use hot water and do it quick.We got the red one - what a nice looking unit.  Sweet.
I connected some quick disconnect fittings to this Y fitting. Two of the openings in this Y were the right size, but one opening was too large. I had to cut slots in the rim of the opening and use a hose clamp to bring the size down to the correct diameter. I verified the opening diameter with several other fittings and calipers to see that the one opening was indeed bigger than the normal size.This item will normally work great if you are connecting hose directly to it, but use caution when connecting other items to it.Plastic will change shape after it has been injected and cools (like this product). Good engineering and good chemical composition will compensate for those changes. I recommend getting a different brand product instead of this one if you want quality and consistency.
I use the TN311C heavy-duty grounded timer to control the ON-OFF cycle of a dehumidifier.  I actually bought two units - the 2nd one as a back-up - and, removed all of the "ON" and "OFF" trippers from the back-up unit to use on this one.  This gives me 6 ON-OFF cycles, and it works perfectly with our dehumidifier.  I've set the timer to turn ON the dehumidifier for 2 hours and then OFF for 2 hours throughout the day and night.  It keeps our area perfectly dehumidified, and the humidity rise is only 4% to 5% during the OFF cycle.I would recommend this timer to anyone considering a use similar to mine.
I have used a number of these for years with no problems whatsoever.  However I realized that the timers use more power than some of my lights!  I have a 4 Watt night light which we run all night in the hallway and the timer draws 5 Watts - 24x7.  That was bad enough, but then I replaced the 4 Watt night light with an LED bulb that draws 1/2 watt or so.  It was way cheaper to run that 24x7 then to use a timer to "save money" and have it only on at night.  I have thrown these all away and purchased digital timers - they pay for themselves in energy savings.
I've bought 2 of these exact same ones, one is still working & the other one went bad after3 or 4 years so that seemed reasonable.This one i just got yesterday from amazon doesn't work. The dial turns but it gets stuckat the pins. I noticed another reviewer had the same problem so I'm here to buy another brand.UPDATE: After i wrote the above I took the unit and kept spinning the dial to loosen it up.I plugged it back in & found it WOULD now turn on but not OFF. So i repeated spinning the dial over & over & finally, now it's working properly.
I'd had these timers for years and had no problems, so the issue is not with the timer itself. BUT now that I have a TODDLER, these really can't be used anymore, since she finds it fun to pull out the little plastic pieces that are needed to set the timer. Not only is this a choking hazard (however minor), but once the pieces are gone, the timer is useless! CAUTION WITH DIGITAL TIMERS, TOO, THOUGH (though I'll have to try them again): We had a power surge, and all of the timers got ruined (and we tried to change the batteries - no help)! SO, OVERALL A GOOD PRODUCT AND MORE RELIABLE THAN DIGITAL TIMERS, but NOT good if you have toddlers!
This is a nice window fan with good power and not too noisy, adaptable to different window sizes if you need to move it. However, the sliding panels are flimsy and don't move smoothly; the fasteners that are used to clamp the panels in place are cheap and can easily be unscrewed and fall out.  The single knob control works fine but the settings are hard to see; you will end up turning it by click or fan noise to the desired power or direction. Well-packaged in the box.
This thing moves some serious air.  It does have a few issues, but I can put up with them for how well it works.  It seems a bit flimsy, but once mounted it is relatively solid.  It mounts to the inside frame of the window by 2 screws on each side.  The flange on each end of the fan has keyways for these screws, so it is removable.  The knob does come off if you pull on it instead of twisting it.  If it bothers you, put a drop of epoxy or super glue on it and put it back on.  It is electrically reversable, but it exhausts air much better than it draws air, and mounting it backwards would make it so you could not close the window.  The bigest problem is that it is noisy on low speed. The noise goes away on high speed, which is how we run it anyway.
I have a Lasko fan that I bought around 1989 which still runs and I live in an apartment on the second floor that gets very hot in the summer so I decided to get another fan to have cross ventilation. I am really pleased with my purchase, this fan is lighter and easier to place in the window and you don't need to screw it in the window for it to stay in. It is much quieter than the older fan even on high speed and doesn't shake in the window like the older model does.I like the fan so much that I plan on purchasing another one next month and give the older model to a friend.
We raise & show rabbits so we bought this fan for our rabbit barn because the ammonia smell was getting really bad in there & we needed something to pull that smell out. The barn isn't real big so there's wasn't enough air flow in there with only 1 window & 1 door so... needless to say we are VERY pleased with this exhaust fan!!! We keep the fan on exhuast 24/7 & you would never know that rabbits lived in there! It gets the smell out seconds after turning it on. I love that you can put it in the window & still be able to close the window behind it during bad weather. I was surprised at how inexpensive this fan was too! Definitely worth buying! & If something were to happen to the one we have we will definitely be buying another one!
I searched for an exhaust fan for our new, hot garage.  I did not believe some of the negative reviews and neither should you!  This fan fit right into our garage window and has been working every day for months!  Who cares if it is not made out of a heavy metal; you don't have to touch it except to turn it off and on.  It pulls and exhausts a lot of air and that is what it is supposed to do.  Don't make life more complicated then it has to be.  With all my searching, Amazon gave me the best deal and with my rewards from my Amazon credit card the fan cost me $54.  What's not to like when other stores wanted as much as $110?
I purchased this fan to replace a fan I had on my kitchen window for over 20 years. After much research (the original fan's company went out of business) I found this fan was the closest  to my old one. It does not fit properly in my kitchen window, but I managed to hold it on by pinning it from the top to the bottom with the window. The sides are fine I had lot of lee way and did not need much. I must say it is easier to clean than my older one and it does what is promised. The three setting work great eliminating odors and recycling air. The fact that is reversible is very useful. Please keep in mind that my review is for an apartment window not a house.
This fan is a good fan but does not move the amount of air I want to move.  I usually put a fan at one end of the house then open my bedroom window and have the fan pull in cool air at night.  this somewhat does the  job but really not enough.  I might be asking for too much for its size etc.  I like the fact that it is reversable and it is adjustable to fit wide or narrow windows.  If you are using it for one room this is a good fan but not great for the whole house (I have a small house 1500 sq ft).  I'd give it a try and see if it works for you.
These are great fans--I bought one for the upstairs hall, and one for the downstairs dining room of my colonial home.  WIth both of them running on exhaust, the whole house is cooled off within an hour on a cool summer night.  There is a bit of understanding needed with the dimensions though.  I had no choice but to mount the fan on  the inner window frame for both windows, because the extensions do not reach far enough to mount on the outside of the window frame.  The windows cannot be shut with the fan mounted, because they have a "lip" at the bottom, that overhangs a bit and runs the length of the window, to make opening and closing easier.  The lip interferes with the window closing while the fan is in place, so the fan must be removed from the mount if heavy rain is expected (Hurricane Irene, for instance!)  Even so, the fan is easily removed, once the screws are in place.
Probably the best available today, but, certainly not like the old metal ones. It fits where and how I want it to go and will do the job.It's got some sharp plastic edges on the inside. Sliced a finger reaching in to slide the side panels to fit.Low and medium speeds don't move much air and the small motor whines a bit on high. Fortunately I don't have to be in the room with it when it's on high.It does a much better job than the Holmes dual window fan I was using but I do long for the old metal King Air 20" I had years ago. That was a window fan.
This is not able to go in front of my window, as the window I use it in is a double. However, I popped the screen out, and this fan fits perfect. When you go outside, and stand in front of it, you KNOW it sucking a TON of air through the house! It's a lot of wind! I'm considering getting another, but I honestly think one may fine for my 1500sf house. I make sure at least three windows are opened, and it works great. I've used the reversible feature a couple times, and I'm glad it's there, but mostly it's on high and exhaust. Hope this review helps. I LOVE this fan.
There are too many reviews already to fret over one detail or another, so here's my brief take: my fan is well balanced, no perceptible wobbling or shaking at any speed.  The blades spin freely suggesting little bearing drag to strain the motor.  I found that it easily fits several of my windows without actually mounting it (i.e., installing the four screws that come with it).  That's a plus for me because I may want to use it in different rooms at different times - I can just set it in a window when needed, then remove it when I want it elsewhere or not at all.  My wattage meter says it uses about 63W on low and 78W on medium (very quiet at both low and medium speeds) and about 110W on high (noticeably louder than low/medium but not at all intrusive or annoying in my view).  If my house were bigger I'd buy another.  Good stuff.
I'm so happy we have this fan!!!1. We turn it on &#34;reverse&#34; in the evening, drawing the cool air into our hot bedroom and it cools down the room a solid 10 degrees almost immediately.2. We leave it on all night in the reverse setting and it's completely changed our sleep pattern for the better. It keeps our room cool and drones out the loud road noise.3. I love having the option of having the window open still with the fan off and a soft breeze.4. The unit is not very attractive so we have a cafe curtain in front of it. When we turn it on, the curtain just blows upward and is not in the way.5. Install it on a window with a screen. We originally tried a different room, an old double hung window with no screen, and we woke up to a flying insect massacre on the floor. They were sucked in and didn't have a chance.
Having a small kitchen and not a great exhaust, solutions like fan windows are great, but all too often they are small and have to sit below the window. That means that when it rains or cold out, you have to remove the fan to close the window. This fan stays in the window year round but allows you to open and close the window without having to remove the fan!  Not only that, it's very powerful and VERY quiet.  Cooking smells are eliminated very fast with the three speed reversible motor. I even let my smoking friends sit at the table when they light up because not a particle of smoke enters the house with this fan running.It's a great solution for us and I'm on my second year of using it.
I just bought mine from rural king for $59 . Im not experienceing any rattles or anything on high speed. At 1/6 hp its  enough air for early spring/summer but during the dog days of summer when nights are still over 80 its not going to cool your house down you will still need the ac on those nights. But on cooler nights you can put this fan on intake and bring in the fresh night air which is one thing I like. You can just open a couple of windows a few inches and feel the air being pulled in. The fan cannot cool the air any more than the actual temp is but it might feel cooler. The reason I bought mine is to not use the ac any more than I have too maybe save a buck or two. Its sort of nice to be able to close the window behind the fan which Ive never been able to do that before. But we will see how this fan holds up.
...for a fan that could pull air thru the whole house, but did not want to pay $200 for one.  This seems to have done the job,  I used it this past hot summer (2012) as an exhaust fan to move air in the house and to get it cooled off in the evening.  This machine seems to have done it, quietly...quieter that I thought it would be.  It is a two-directional fan, so you can bring air in or pull it out.  It also has 3 speeds, I used the medium speed all summer, 24/7.  No problems to report, would buy another.  I don't have AC here so this was it, and it stood the test. Recommended...
Really, this is close to an ideal fan if you want a window fan. The biggest issue is the way the fan mounts to the window frame. When you do it correctly it is secure, but not tight. There is just enough play in the way it mounts (drops down on screws) that there is a rattle when the fan is on. This was dealt with easily enough with some foam tape, but the tape needs occasional fixes.The ability to close the window while the fan is on, and reverse the airflow is great. For our apartment (1200sf) this fan can make a noticeable difference in temperature and air quality in about 5-10 minutes depending on the fanspeed. This is way more effective than sitting a box fan at the window because the airflow HAS to go through the window instead of cycling back into the fan.
I needed a good window fan to keep the air moving in my country cottage. I am able to limit the use of A/C if I have a means for proper ventilation. This fan satisfies that need.It was fairly easy to install but still required a bit of ingenuity as the side panels were a bit of a challenge. They will slide but be patient because they will also break if forced.  The fan is very quiet, emitting a hum rather than a roar when running at full speed.I will leave the fan in the window for the entire season so I will not have to struggle with the side panels again until it is time to remove it.
I installed this on a horizantaly sliding window.  It probably took about 10 to 20 minutes to install.  Its just 4 screws. It comes with a guide for the position of the screws which helped. It works awesome. You even have to put a door stop infront of a door in a beadroom if you have the fan in the room blowing the air in, otherwise its strong enough to slam your door shut. We liked it so much so that we bought a second one and installed it in the kitchen to clear the air when we are cooking.  we will usually put the fans on exaust and open up the living room window and it pulls in a strong breese with them both sucking the air thru the house.I can't recommend them enough, we wish we got them years ago!!!  Just make sure you open another window in the house so the air has somewhere to go.
I bought an Air King 20" (same manufacturer of the Lasko) whole house fan a couple of years ago and it proved to be too much fan for my &lt; 2000 sq. ft. condo. I went for this 16" and it does the job just as quietly as the 20". Very easy to install within the window frame and no vibration. I only wish that the side extenders were metal like they are on the Air King. The grill on the front of the fan is metal. I am very happy with this purchase and that's why it gets FIVE STARS. These are both excellent, high quality fans and I would not hesitate to purchase again.
I was searching for an in-window fan to turn on when I'm cooking smelly foods, when people smoke in the place, etc.  I had previously had the more standard dual 8" window fan setup, and after several months of use, they always seem to get so weak they barely move air. I decided to try this one but it's not right for my intended use. This is designed to be more permanently mounted with screws/brackets, is giant, and moves a TON of air. It will pull a major vacuum and requires an open window or door. When it's off, the screen/gaps are so large taht bugs can just fly right in the house etc.  Perhaps I should have done more research before purchasing it, but hopefully this helps anyone else in my position who's in the market.
I've just returned from down the street where I ended up when I turned on the &#34;wind machine.&#34; (Which is tough because I was in my pagamas!) We had one of these, which was a little smaller, and I still like better because it isn't quite as strong.Seriously, with that much power, you needed a lower low &#34;LOW.&#34; The first night I used it in my bedroom this summer, I had to turn it off because it was just too loud on the lowest setting. The other thing I don't like compared to our old Lasko is that the speed adjustment is on the back (hard to get to in the middle of the night). Put it on top where it belongs! Who wants to do a reach around on a fan??
I bought my windmachine after my smaller honeywell fan finally died after a number of years.  In truth, I wanted it first and foremost for white noise for my bedroom at night.  To that end, it's been perfect.  It's a powerful fan, so both the high and medium setting easily drown out any unwanted noise.  Note that this is not a small fan.  It's just shy of 2' tall, so while the handle on top makes it portable, and it's built to stand on the floor, it's not made for a tiny bedroom.  The sound is smooth and steady and it does a tremendous job circulating air in a hot or stuffy room. I leave it on every night and it both helps me sleep and keeps me cool.  I could see this fan lasting for quite awhile and I'm still very happy with it a year later!  Included 2 images for a visual.
Before I finally installed air conditioning, I used this fan. In fact, I had two of them and used them for several years.This is the most powerful fan I've ever had. It doesn't rattle or clang like metal window fans. It really stirs up the air and cools the room.The three settings - low, medium and high - are achieved by turning a huge and easy to turn knob. You can tilt the fan up or down and than lock it into position using the knobs on the side. By placing one fan upward and another downward you'll get a wonderful and refreshing cross breeze.If you can't afford air conditioning or you live in an area that only needs a fan, you will love the WindMachine. I still use mine to dry clothes that I don't want to place in the drier. I hang them over the shower rod and turn the fans setting to high. The clothes are dry within a couple of hours.
This is the second Wind Machine that I've owned, our first one just stopped working after almost 10 years.  We use ours almost exclusively in our very large master bedroom on the high setting (we like the sound and the breeze).  Others mentioned that it's not all that powerful, but we find it plenty strong for indoor/casual use.  It's not an industrial shop fan by any means, but it's great for cooling a large room, painted walls, even outside on a deck.  It's very light for it's size and the tilting feature is nice.
I don't often rave about a product, but this one deserves it.  This is what I so love about it: 1. Works like a dream. No rattles, shakes, quivers. Just a steady strong stream of wonderful air.  2.Well built.  It arrived in the military pouch system with the box a bit smashed, but not a single dent on the item.  3. It's light.  I can cart it room to room very easily.  Even though it's so light, it sits on the floor very stably.  4. The only sound it makes is the sound of air moving. no whine, no rattles, no vibrations.  5. No assembly required. None! 6. The design is compact, extreme care given to maximizing output for the footprint.  I'm impressed.
This fan really moves the air. To give you an idea how good this fan works, do you know those 20" box fans they sell for 15 or 20 bucks, well this Lasko 3300 fan on low blows as hard as the 20" box fan on high. No kidding. I think this is by far the best fan I've ever owned.Will post a couple pictures for you to get a better look at it. I would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan. Don't hesitate, buy it.
First off if you are looking for a quiet fan, go somewhere less because this is not what you are working for. As the name says this beast is a WIND machine, it generates a moderate air flow with low volume on 1, a moderately high air flow( close to that of the medium sized Vorandos) and a decent amount of noise on 2, and this thing moves mountains and sounds like a hurricane on 3. I highly recommend for those who need large air flow and a good noise level while they sleep.
This fan will blow you down. Works just as good as the heavy duty silver fans. I sit my fan on top of my radiator or a stand right by the window at night and my room goes from hot to cold in a split second. It brings all that cool night air right into my house. All fans don't do this. Burrrrr I'm getting goose bumps now because I'm freezing. Let me get up and turn it to low now since its extremely cool in here. I have 2 of these. I used to have 3 but the third one disappeared. Maybe someone stole it.  Oh Well , anyway fan is definitely worth the price.
Even on the lowest setting, this thing is definitely a wind machine. While my apartment is central air conditioned, I like to keep the thermostat on 78 to save energy. Having this fan definitely helps things feel cooler and results in less trips to the thermostat to turn down the temperature.When you crank this thing up to high, it's really a force to be reckoned with. My cat is slightly scared of it on higher settings as it does get a little loud and moves quite a bit of air.Added benefit is that if you use this in a bedroom at night, it serves as a pretty decent white noise source as well.Great fan all around, especially for those hot summer days.
I received this cooker for Christmas 2008 ( a Wal Mart purchase).It was my first pressure cooker, and it cooked wonderfully (though it was a bit tight for two chickens); until it failed.After about 6 uses, it would no longer establish pressure.  The red pop up on the handle (indication that pressure was up and handle locked) started popping up to about twice the height it normally emerged from the handle (when the cooker worked) and steam vented from all around the handle junction with the lid.I tried everything the book said to do.  The handle was tight.  I inspected, streched and oiled the gasket. No luck.  I called Mirro (Wearever) and they told me to boil the gasket for 15 min. and then oil it.  I did all these things, to no avail.So I returned it.  Now I'm going to try Presto.
Thing that surprises me is how expensive these can run.  A sound pressure cooker is a sound pressure cooker -- not much too it.  Never thought I'd own one (grew up with one -- home cooking), so thought I'd try it myself.So you know, bought one at Walmart (has the Wearever brand)-- $40.00, and it comes with a real return policy vs. Amazon's 30 day return policy (make sure you read that before buying anything here...surprising how inflexible they are if you miss it by only a few days, even for long standing customers who have never asked for any special preferences.)
I bought this only to make apple sauce. Growing up, my mother had one (for 25+ years) that all of us kids would use and this is nothing like the one we used to use. I have used it 6-8 times and have found the following:- I can only fit a very small bowl underneath it.- The legs slide all over the place easily. I have to grip the handle VERY firmly in order to prevent this from sliding all over the counter top.- The wooden pestle is already all dinged up and even has a chip in it.- The inside of the press is all scraped and dinged upIt does work fine, but the craftsmanship is very low. VERY thin metal, and I don't expect this to last more than 2 seasons of making apple sauce. If I had to do it all over again I would not purchase this item.
My 'ricer' - collander - food press arrived just an hour ago. I have fond memories of this 'ricer', a favorite kitchen implement of my Dad's. I still have an old pestle from the old days.  The design is a little different from the ones of my childhood, but I think this design appeals to me more.  I love 'riced' potatoes and anticipate using this 'food press' to make tomato purees and finish other fruit. I'm just excited to have it.
Back in the day, moms all had pressure cookers and made beef stews and pot roasts in them. These cookers are being rediscovered and are making a big comeback as they're not just for stew any more. Hundreds of new recipes are appearing and Amazon has some really good pressure cooker cookbooks available. We recently bought this Presto 4 qt. size (just for 2 of us) but larger sizes are available. Mom was right, they are FAST, make delicious food and will impress guests. They're not expensive - give this a try, you won't be disappointed.
Other reviewers see the same problem as mine.The lower handle has little to hold it on. The single bolt that came with the pot is too small and won't hold on. We were forced into using a 32 thread 1/4" hex bolt. It held for a year. Now the handle has fallen off, again. Is the bolt the problem? No, it's the threaded receptacle! MAYBE, if I drill out the receiving threaded shank and try to force a 32 thread #10 bolt in.If This doesn't work, I'm avoiding buying another Presto from China.When the pot worked, it did well. A little hard to get the aluminium grooves to hit the slots without a fight.Nope, this cooker is useless. Presto you stink.
There is little good about this Presto 4qt Aluminum pressure cooker.  It...Cannot keep the handle tight, I have to tighten it down about every other use.Cannot form a steam tight seal, steam leaks out around the handles, making them hot to touch, and through the pressure stem indicator that is supposed to seal off...it doesn't.Cannot keep the broth (fluid) inside from spewing out the weighted rocker pressure regulator even though the fluid level is well below the 4 guart level.Has no opposing handle; so picking it up while hot and full is problematic when trying to move the cooker to a faucet to cool it down.In a word, we got what we paid for...the cheapest and worst made pressure cooker on the market.
Our 20+ year old 4 quart Presto pressure cooker has had at least half a dozen gasket replacements. We're pretty old, so I thought it was time to get my 79 year old cook, and lovely wife of 55 years a bright new pot instead of just another gasket.The old one worked well for all these years, and the new one already has a dozen or more cooking cycles on it - and appears to do as well as the one it replaced.BTW: we replaced a 6 quart Presto at the same time and the comment is the same on it.
I was finally convinced that I need a pressure cooker for meat due to my work hours. I looked everywhere for the smallest size, they were either unavailable or too expensive. Reviews here showed great product so I bought it. I used it the very first day and I couldn't be more satisfied. Meat cooked in 12 minutes vs 30-45 minutes. I gave it four stars only because the color changes after washing it but that doesn't affect the cooking. It comes with directions which explained how long each food takes to cook.
About 4 quart aluminum Presto pressure cooker, purchased from Amazon. It is made in China. This item is made real cheap, it not only does not do the job, the screws of the plastic handle get lose all the time. I had used altogether 3 times and every time it did not do the job and after tightening the screw for 3 times the screw worn out. I realize amazon will only refund partially according to the return policy I just read. I will have to also spend more money for Shipping fees so I guess I can keep it for junk collection or throw it away. I never had rated any item I bought from amazon less than 3 stars but this item only deserve 1 star. I will not recommend to buy it. I still have a larger Presto steel pressure cooker, that works perfectly for years of use. I just wanted a smaller size. But wasted money for this junk.
I will admit that my negative experience with this pressure cooker is partially my fault. I didn't realize that this model did not have a quick release. I should have noticed this from the photo so it is really my fault. I thought all modern day pressure cookers had quick release valves. I have an eight quart pressure cooker by Presto and I am in love with it. That is why I stuck with the same brand. I wanted to get something smaller to cook smaller portions of food.I also didn't like how I had to screw the handles into place. I want something that has permanently attached handles. I'm going to send this item back and buy another eight quart pressure cooker by Presto. I can't seem to find any smaller sized pressure cookers that have a quick release option. If anyone does, please let me know by leaving a comment or messaging me.
I had always known that cooking under a higher pressure would accelerate the cooking process. I had just never realized by how much. With this pressure cooker, hours turn into minutes. Even slow-cooked chili which normally takes 6 hours of slow cooking to get it right can be done in 30 minutes. Amazing!This pressure cooker is sturdy and easy to assemble. It is also remarkably easy to use, just put the lid on and rotate it sideways until the handles lock. It is also easy to clean, as easy as any other pot or pan.And there are soooo many recipes!Very much recommended!
I live at 9500 ft altitude where it can take many hours to tenderize anything. I cook stew meat in 25 to 30 mins, pot roast in 50 mins, veggies in 5 mins after it gets up to temp. Trick is to have only the small recommended amount of water.I've had the 6 qt stainless for 18 years and need to replace the rubber seal and plug every 7 years or so. I use mine a lot, 3 times a week ($7 for both at AMZ) which is why I am here commenting. Don't get the aluminum ones, not good for you.Very safe and fool proof. You can't open it until it stops steaming.Tales about dangerous come from Grandmas who were cooking in the 1930's, 40 and early 50's before safety features.Buy into their recipes not their tales.
This is my second presto pressure cooker in a year. I loved my first one and used it several times a week, but I didn't add enough water once, scorched the heck out of it, and it was never the same. I tried all the thrifty tricks to get out scorched ick but it didn't work. However, I liked and used this one so much I bought another one exactly like my first.I have a Russel Hobbes electric pressure cooker that is larger and really nice for food that cooks longer because I can set it and walk away. However, it's big and bulky. My Presto is my go too pressure cooker for potatoes, makes great cheesecake, I love pressure cooking squash, carrots etc. The construction is heavy and seems well made.
Just received this unit, and I'm very happy with it so far. It is easy to assemble, sturdy, and most importantly has a very simple design which I anticipate will be durable into the future. My previous pressure cooker was a complex affair with springs and components tucked away in plastic housing so that they could not be accessed. This design, on the other hand, is much more simplistic, which is a very good thing. It cost about 1/4 the price of the cheapest PC that I could get in local stores (including postage), and is a preferable design.
Strong words for a pressure cooker, I know, but this thing has been such a disappointment.  I bought it to replace my old 6-Quart Presto pressure cooker that worked well and faithfully for many years.  I'm not sure if they have started making these things in China after I purchased my last pressure cooker or what.  This new one is much lighter weight and the metal feels thin and cheap.  The handle screw continually comes loose which makes the handle itself loose and wobbly.  The pressure hole doesn't seem to line up properly so that I have to use a knife to wiggle the pressure button free to pop up so it can start to cook after the pressure builds.  If you are looking for a solid, reliable pressure cooker - - keep looking!  This is not the one!
I had never used a pressure cooker before but have been planning to buy one for a while, and decided to buy this one because it looks well made and has good reviews.I tried cooking several vegetables and some Sirloin tips (separately) and found the Sirloin surprisingly tender, the vegetables retained a lot more flavor.I did carefully read the instructions and after one or two uses found it easy to use. I bought a timer to use with it because cooking times seem to be important as does making sure it does not boil dry.This is a great time and energy saver, resulting in great tasting food!
I have been using Presto Pressure Cookers for the past 35+ years, they are simply the best on the market, and I have had other brands, those other brands ended up at my yard sale, the Presto Pressure Cooker is the best! always reliable, and I have never had to replace the gasket, that is saying something to the quality of the product, which by the was has been on the market for longer than I have been alive, and thats a long long time, so why bother with the rest when you can have the best, and at a great price, give it a try, you will be delighted with all you can make and the time saved cooking this way, especially cheaper cuts of meat,I can't say enough good things about this pressure cooker!
I had one of these great cookers long ago.  My old one was very heavy.  This one is made of stainless steel and seems to be lighter.  I had to attach the handles, so some assembly on this one is required.  My first recipe was, 'Ham Hocks & Navy Beans', and I cooked the pre-soaked beans and ham hocks in about 25 or 30 minutes.  They turned out great, but had to guess at the cooking time, as the recipe was not in the enclosed instruction/recipe booklet, but in my head!  Since then, I have purchased two great pressure cooker cookbooks.  I plan to cook many more dishes in this quick-cooking appliance.  Be sure to read THOROUGHLY, the instruction booklet, to safely use this(& all) pressure cookers.
I like this little cooker.  It comes with very good detailed instructions for cooking various foods.  The instructions addressed questions we had without having to do further research.  I would recommend this.  Keep in mind that you do not use the entire 6 QT so buy a larger one if you need to make 6 QT of food.  The cooker can only be about half full for some items and two thirds full for other times.  I will check those line markers and update if I got it wrong.  20130130.
This replaces it's predecessor aluminum 4-quart Presto Pressure Cooker that Aunt Mildred gave me when I married.  I'm 76 now and was searching for a new gasket on Google.  I found the gasket and a new handle (the handle is cracked from so many years of use).  I also saw the new stainless steel 4-quart pressure cooker that I looked at again after ordering the gasket and handle.  I ordered it and am so pleased that I did.  It works as well as the old reliable that has served me for so long.  I like the rocking steam escape sound because I can monitor it for adjustment without going and looking at a gauge.  I had bought another brand some time ago but had gone back to my favorite Presto.
I have an electric pressure cooker that has a hard anodized interior that is sometimes impossible to clean.  This stainless steel pressure cooker is a breeze to clean.  As soon as it arrived I went to my local hardware store and replaced all of the screws with stainless steel because that seem to be a problem with other users.  I soaked some black beans and after only 4 minutes cooking under pressure, I had a pot of beans.  The 6 quart size is perfect for me since you can't fill it too much.  I just love my new pressure cooker.  Looking forward to many great meals.
We have had a pressure cook for many years.  It was great for camping, for we could make New England Boil Dinner.  My wife has our old one at the shore, and we use it a lot.  However, many of the family are not there but in our villa 100 miles away, and we like many meals that we us the Presto pressure cooker.  Now, I can make the dinners here, and we thing they are the best pressure cookers around.  It is great time saver.
This was purchased to replace an 8 quart aluminum Presto.  The lid must have been "sprung" because it didn't want to close.  The handles and screws were not as good as those on the aluminum Presto models I've had.  Amazon's shipping box was fine when it got here, but inside the manufacturer's box was mangled - leading me to believe it was that way before it was packed.There was a dent on the side of the cooker near where it rolls underneath to the bottom.I returned it to Amazon - they gave me a full refund.  I got aFagor Futuro 10 Quart.MUCH more expensive, but it's easily the best pressure cooker I've ever had, especially the built-in pressure regulator.  And it's made in Spain, not China.
This is a really excellent item....but the little rubber safety button (to release pressure if something gets clogged) isn't as good as it could be.  Every now and then, it releases the steam so no pressure can build up.  If I jiggle it, to get it to set, it generally falls down into the kettle.  At that point, I have to remove the lid, and fish the button out of whatever is in there -- easy if it's broccoli, but more of a problem if it's bean soup.  I realize that this is my fault for not checking it each time, but with my old one (not nearly as good, overall) I never had to think about it.  Remember, this is a GREAT pressure cooker -- I'm just kvetching.
I always avoided pressure cookers until a little over a year ago. I purchased the Presto 6-quart electric version. I love it, but it is annoying to have to drag it out when I wanted to use it. I saw this smaller size stove-top variety and hoped it would be as good as the electric. It's better!  I never put it away because it has become my go-to pan whether or not I'm using the pressure cooking feature. It's a good weight, great heat distribution, NOT aluminium, and sturdy. As a pressure cooker, I find that I can turn the heat on my stove to between 2 and 3 and it works beautifully. From using the other pressure cooker once or twice a month, I find I use this one three-four times a week. Minor issue - yes - the screws do rust. One of these days, I'll take one to Home Depot so I can get a non-rusting version.
my mother used her pressure cooker to feed 5 kids on a regular basis, and the stories of her mother's old ring-style pressure cooker, well... just hilarious.  I have no such entertaining stories, just dozens of great meals cooked quickly and well in a cooker that goes directly into the dishwasher, no fuss, no muss.  Learn how to use one and you will never live without one.  This one is quite good because if the cooker isn't stainless steel, putting it in the dishwasher will turn it white.  And certain ailments claim a link to higher levels of aluminum in the blood.
I've used a Premium grade, Innova 8 Qt. for years, It is way too big for every day, single person use. The Presto works decently, but not well built. The handles are fastened by only one screw. The lid closing stop, catches past the point it should be. The lid pressure open-lock safety takes effort to seat when heating up.The 4 QT and 6 QT are both 8 1/2 in. Dia. Without the lid, the 4 Qt is 4 1/2 in. height, the 6 Qt is only 2 in. taller making it the better option. A few recipes are too big for the 4 Qt.Induction compatible??? A magnet sticks to the bottom and top, but not the sides.
I replaced my old Aluminium Pressure cooker (4 Litre) from India with this wonderful stainless steel pressure cooker. The quality is great and the price is fantastic. The pressure cooker from India blew a whistle by itself to let out the pressure and 4-5 whistles were enough to cook lentils, rice, potatoes etc.. This cooker does not blow the whistle by itself (starts rocking) but instead I manually let out the steam 4-5 times. Saves a lot of energy and cooks quickly. I have 2 dabbas ( containers ) from the previous cooker that fit inside this cooker. That way I can cook Dal and rice at once. Definitely recommend this cooker. I ordered an extra gasket just in case :) Always better to keep extra gaskets
My old MirroMatic pressure cooker was over 40 years old & I decided it was time for a replacement.  Instead of the old all aluminum pan I decided to get the stainless steel pan for ease of cleaning.  What a difference!  The aluminum core on the bottom provides the even heating, & the stainless steel makes for the easiest of cleaning.  I really enjoy the rocker weight on top instead of my old weight with 3 different pressure settings.  This one is so much quieter, too.  Tonight, I'm making Swiss steak with only 18 minutes of cook time.  You can't beat that.  The cool down time is much faster than with the old aluminum pan also.  I should have bought this years ago.
Been using pressure cookers for years - grew up on a farm - pressure cookers abundant.Needed to replace the 30+ year old Mirro aluminum one.Still have my aluminum 2 1/2 qt Mirro but wanted a bigger one.So I bought this one to try. Cookers are all basically the same.HOWEVER -----I wish SOMEone would have posted SOMEwhere that this product is- wait for it - - -MADE IN CHINA CHINA CHINA CHINA CHINA!Oh I get it - if we are told it is not USA made, we will look elsewhere.What a rip! I am so very disappointed that we cannot purchase something made in the USA anymore.Thanks to all our government officials by helping every one on this planet but our own people.We cannot even buy a cooking pot for cripes sake!Let's see if in another 30 years I still have this CHINESE pot.For cryin' out loud.......................  :o(
I prefer meat browned, and veggies either raw, stirfried, fermented or roasted, so I got this primarily for making bone broths, cooking legumes and cooking whole grains.I got the 4-quart as it's just me and hubby here, but I did not realize you can't fill this more than 2/3rd full.  Now I wish I'd have ordered the 6-quart.Even though it's stainless, it's very lightweight.  This is handy as I have permanent chest pain after surgery, so lifting can be difficult.It works fine.  It makes very concentrated fast broths in the summer when I don't want things simmering on the stove for hours.  Similarly, I can cook big batches of legumes and freeze in meal-sized portions fast.  I haven't tried grains yet as I was on a risotto kick when this arrived, and then went on a temporary grain-free diet.I am quite satisfied, except I wish I'd gotten the larger one.
Amazing quality ... made a whole chicken in less than 30min... juicy and perfect.. moist... cleans up beautifully... Very pleased with this product!...Just wanted to add a note.. I never run water over the pan to cool it down...as it is still cooking.. I know how long meat and veggies take when cooking traditionally, so I time it based on experience. When you let it cool on it's own, that is part of the actual cooking time with the pressurization. Follow the instructions and you can't go wrong.  I just shut the fire down about 10min less to incorporate cool down... Any longer would be overdone...
I've used pressure cookers for many years including some of those very expensive models.  This is one of the best cookers I've ever owed.  This cooker is constructed of high quality stainless steel and is very easy to use.  Pressure cookers are very safe. If you follow a few simple rules, you'll never have a problem.  I use my cooker weekly for everything from cream of potato soup to braised lamb shanks with wine sauce.  Additionally, it is amazingly cheap to own. My only con: wish it was made in the USA, otherwise, highly recommend.
They are so quick and efficient.  When my last cooker warped I asked for a replacement for Christmas - yep, that's how much I love them.  My last pressure cooker was also a pressure caner for putting up vegetables.  However we are down to just my husband and I so we don't do much canning any more.  So he bought me this smaller version.  Obviously it weighs less, takes up less room in my cupboard, and comes to heat much quicker.  What isn't to love if you are cooking for only two people as we care!
If the handles fit tighter without wobbling I'd love it but you cant complain too much for the $25 or so I paid. Good things are its not too big, the lid goes on real smooth, the safely lock mechanism is a neat idea. Points to note: plastic handles need good tightening and seem to be wobbly from the get go, when you put the lid on move it too and fro so the safety plug that locks the handle is centered in the hole and free to move, lastly keep the flame low enough so it doesnt hit the handles as they will start to make a bad smell. Not sure if that's just a &#34;first time&#34; thing or if the plastic really cant tolerate exposure to much heat but it works fine with a safe flame level so it's not an issue just a thing to be aware of.
I've looked and checked out many other pressure cookers before buying this one. From the costly ones in department stores to others online. Department stores prices were to high and I couldn't get any product information from the sales people I would talk with. After reading the reviews here I decided to purchase the Presto. Best choice I've made. The arrival was within a few days. The Cooker is great looking after using it for four different meals. We have enjoyed a delicious pot roast, chicken with veggies, and a hard to cook oxtail stew. There was no problem with reading the directions on how to use. I did it without my husband my assistance. (he's better with gagets). I am planning on using it at least once a week for hardy winter meals.
This is a great addition to my kitchen.  It works great and easy to operate also saves so much time cooking the same meal.  I first purchased 16-qt cooker/canner then purchased this one and 4-qt also. Now I use these 3 cookers for everything.  I am happy about "stainless steel" because I can use dishwasher without worrying about discoloration (they only make 16-qt cooker in aluminum so I have to hand wash it). This is a well-made, top of the line product for such a great price.  Only issue that I have is occasionally I have to exchange the screws (holding the handles on the lid) since they rust after a while.  Other than that, I am very satisfied with this purchase and strongly recommend to others.
It's been several months since I've purchased the Presto 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker, and I have to admit that this cooker packs some seriously power!  Having a pressure cooker speeds up cooking so much - I've been able to make a lot of Chinese Soups in a fraction of the time it takes to make normally!  This pot is especially good when cooking soups with proteins, particularly beans and meat.  Because it cooks so quickly, we're not only enjoying dinner faster, but saving a lot of energy to boot!  Highly recommended!
As a child I was scared to death of my mom's pressure cooker and swore I'd never have one.  But this one is very  nice.  There are two ways to cook with it after the little toggle starts rocking you are instructed to (1) put the pot under water and it cools down all at once, or (2) let it cool down on its own.  If you are instructed to let it cool down on its own, it can take up to 30 minutes to cool down. I thought cooking with this would be a lot quicker; but that aside, it is a great way to have something that really does cook in a fraction of the time it normally takes to cook something; but it is not a &#34;microwave&#34; quick type of instrument.
I've been using Pressure Cookers for years, and was under the assumption that "size does matter"...  Well, guess what? It DOES!After adapting and adjusting because my pressure cookers were just too big to do the small batch things, I figured I'd give one of these little babies a try.It's amazing just how often I use this little guy. It's quality and performance is wonderful!!  I've used this little pressure cooker more in the last two months than I use my big one in a year. Some tools are nice to have for those rare times when you need them, but this one gets used regularly. It's definitely gathering no dust..;~)Excellent Purchase!!!
My mom brought a pressure cooker from Brasil 15 years ago, and on our last trip she was not able to find replacement rubber gaskets for it. I talked her into replacing it for something new, shiny and fancy. The quality is there, and the locking mechanism is STRONG. It's not a latch on the handle like a traditional pressure cooker. This unit has slots all around the pan that link up to the lid, and you rotate the lid to seal the unit. That means there's more than 8 latches on the pan. Those beans aren't getting out any time soon.
I had this in my wishlist & received it for Christmas.  I've used it several times & I love it.  Its smaller than the one I had previously but that is perfect for us.  Only 3 at home anymore.I love that this is made of stainless steel.  The insert is still made of aluminum which Im not thrilled about but I dont have to use it if I dont want to.This pressure cooker is also a lot quieter than my old one is.  I appreciate that a LOT!Its a great product and Im so happy to have it.
The handle for the pot is secured with only one screw. The handle itself is curved to fit against the pot, but the directions emphasize multiple times that you shouldn't overtighten to avoid cracking the plastic.  I tightened it reasonably and when the pot is full and it's tilted to pour out the contents (boiling water for example), the handle wobbles/turns slightly.  I can easily see this becoming a hazard with continued use/failure to retighten regularly.  Fortunately, Amazon was willing to accept the return.  The company could resolve this problem by using metal on the edge of the handle piece, selling their pots pre-assembled in a more sturdy manner, or hey- bright idea- USING TWO FASTENERS LIKE EVERY OTHER POT MANUFACTURER.  Hmm.
Before purchasing this pressure cooker, I went to Macy's and bought an aluminum pressure cooker because it was on sale.  Got it home and tried it out.  After cooking my meal, I noticed the inside of the pressure cooker had become terribly discolored. I did not want my family eating out of that pressure cooker.  So I immediately took it back.  I purchased the Presto 6-qt. pressure cooker and I do love it.  It is stainless steel, easy clean-up and no discoloration.  I should have known better because I had a Presto for over 25 years.  The rocker on my old one wore out and I knew it was time to get another.  If you're looking to replace an older model or just plain looking for a new pressure cooker, you won't be disappointed with this one.
This purchase was one of the first times that Amazon reviews let me down. As others have recently stated, it seems Presto has changed manufacturing of the screws, making the handles of this pressure cooker unsteady...no matter how many times I tighten the screws, and how tight I, or my husband, try to get them, they loosen and the handles become very wobbly. This is not just a problem with one handle, but both handles! I tried this item for a week, which required retightening the handles about a dozen times, and I have given up.Additionally, after only two washes, the screws are already starting to rust! I didn't wash it in the dishwasher, it was by hand.I can understand why this is an inexpensive product...it is cheaply made! However, I am baffled at why it gets such good reviews.
One upon a time, many years ago.. I had a very bad experience with a pressure cooker. I swore at that time to never let one in my house again. Well, time passed and my patience with cooking grew more thin. With the children grown and free time in the evenings at a premium due to work, I decided it was time to have another go at a pressure cooker.I am very glad I did. Beef and pork roast as well as turkey breast have been brought forth in no time at all. Potatoes cooked to perfection in short minutes.My biggest probem is where to keep it so it is handy at all times!I highly recommend this item. Once I finally pulled it warily from its boxand sealed it for its first trial in my home, I was hooked. Evey home should  have one!
this is a wonderful cooker.  The size is great for 2 or 3 people but I would get a larger one for more people.  Everything comes out tasty and the meat are tender in such a short time.  The only problems I had were in the beginning.  I thought you needed to keep the pressure regulator jiggling to cook the food but if you do that the heat is too high and it burns the food so turn the heat down once it starts jiggling.  Also be careful when you wash the lid.  If the pressure plug gets caught the steam escapes and you think the cookers not working and the food will burn because you cook it too long or have the heat up too high.
I've owned several pressure cookers over the years.  This one is my current favorite for several reasons.  First, I like the 4-qt. size.  It's the smallest pressure cooker I own and perfect for cooking for one or two people.  Next, I'm happy with the  quality of the product.  It's hefty enough to feel substantial, yet not so heavy that it's difficult to use and clean.  The  stainless steel seems to be of very good quality--I've  had no problem cleaning it.  Last, this pressure cooker seems to cook  faster than my Fagor 6-qt. model.  I don't know if it's a difference in the pressure cooker or because I'm cooking less food in this one, but I like the speed.  I don't find this pressure cooker particularly noisy--I turn down the heat once pressure is obtained.  I have nothing negative to say about this product--I'd buy it again.
This seems to be a high quality product at a very reasonable price.  It cooks less expensive cuts of beef (stew meat, chuck roast, corned beef) to mouth watering tenderness in a fraction of the time required in either an oven or slow cooker.  It quickly cooks two or three pounds of chicken for salads, sandwiches, or freezing.  Cook a pork roast with your favorite barbeque sauce in 30-45 minutes and enjoy pulled pork sandwiches infused with the flavor of the sauce.  This would be a great tool for the cook who likes make- ahead meals and stocking the freezer for quick-reheating weekday dinners.  Get the stainless steel model to avoid the reaction of aluminum to acidic foods.  Eventually you will be glad you did.The clad base is very heavy so I wouldn't recommend using the pan for pasta or vegetables but if you have strong wrists and arms you could do this.  Other lids are available from Presto.
My wife is from Brazil, so she is a foremost authority on pressure cookers as they use them there for almost every meal daily.Originally I tried the very cheap aluminum alternative for $15 on sale at Sears, and it failed after one use.This is better than the ones that last 20 years in Brazil. It's efficient, it's durable, it's just plain a good product, and you really shouldn't pay more for a pressure cooker than $40-$50 as it's a very simple item.
I had a Presto 6QT pressure cooker that was stolen by a Bimbo.  I got an 8QT foreign made pressure cooker but I liked the Presto, missed it and decided to get another one.  The old one was American made and the Stainless Steel at the top seemed to be a bit heavier.  This one  has a heavier bottom due to the sandwiched in clad aluminum.  The one Drawback is that it is Made in Communist China.  It seems to be pretty stout overall.  I can't detect any difference in the way that it cooks.
This is an investment every house cook should make. The meats come out super duper tender and it takes no time at all. 10 min and your chicken for soup or any dish is ready! The top is very very sturdy so do not worry about it coming off or exploding while under pressure. I love my pressure cooker and this smaller size is perfect for my husband and I since it's just the two of us. And remember to always get STAINLESS STEEL. Aluminium eventually peels off and isn't as durable, plus it's toxic for you. Oh, and cleaning is a snap!!! Dishwasher safe and even is  you do it by hand, nothing sticks :) good purchase
Gas and electricity has gone up so much lately. Pressure cookers can help you save by making cooking a lot much faster.  It comes with a compact user guide and a small cookbook.Pressure cookers can be dangerous, so make sure to read the safety precautions. Never fill it more than 2/3 of its capacity. You cannot open the lid while it is still pressurized with the built-in precautionary lock, but the rocker valve can easily get toppled and extremely hot steam can escape through it.Pros:- Stainless steel. You do not want aluminum for health reasons.- We have been using this for more than 5 years.  We just have to replace the rubber gasket around the lid.- Although not as cheap as we like it to be, if you compare it to other manufacturers, you still save some money.Cons:- The pressure valve rocker. Other pressure cookers (but more expensive) has a  non-removable pressure valve.  It is often get misplaced.- The rocker makes quite a bit noise.
Get the Presto. They're all the same. It's a simple design, a pot and lid. I've been using them for 20 years and the expensive ones are no better than the Presto- Only an amateur cook would believe different. The Prestos cook just as good and just as fast as the Rikons. My kitchen is filled with the best and most expensive equipment money can buy, but when it comes to pressure cookers, it's not like other cookware where you "get what you pay for."  They're all the same (although I don't recommend the electric ones as they have a tendency to break down). Save your money for the good espresso maker... don't waste it on expensive pressure cookers. Get the Presto.
As many folks out there, including Anthony Bourdain I too was scared of pressure cookers. After I purchased this my first one I made sure to study the entire manual, as if for a school test. The rocker type is really totally harmless! Cooking times are slashed by at least two thirds, less gas and therefor less escaped heat and better inefficiency make this cooking method a winner. Cleanup is also very quick. The heavy base and material compound allows for some nice browning of meat, which is essential for good flavor. Anne Burrell always says:&#34;Brown Food tastes Good&#34;.
I have always been afraid of pressure cookers because as a child my mother always banned me from the kitchen when she was using one. Well, twenty some odd years later I finally purchased this one.  I read the instruction booklet and the first night made mashed potatoes and a pot roast.  Wow!  My 12 year old son loved the meal and said these mashed potatoes were the best he ever ate and the meat was so tender.  It was so easy to use and easy to clean.  I am already planning on making BBQ pork ribs next!  Whoo-Hoo! Buy it! Use it!....but read the instructions first! Enjoy:-)
I've owned this pressure cooker for two months now and it's working like a dream.  My first meal was pressure cooked pot roast (from a recipe found on the internet), the best roast I've ever had!  Before buying this 6 qt. model I bought thePresto 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cookerand love it just a bit more than this smaller size.  My only criticism is that, unlike my 8 qt., this smaller model does not have a quick-release valve, so the traditional cold water method is necessary (and thus four stars rather than five).  While the "jiggler" steam valve is reminiscent of much older models, Presto wisely added an emergency steam release valve--a welcome safety measure!  I recommend this model to those for whom quick-release valves rank low in priority.
I bought this pressure cooker to make chili. I've never owned or used a pressure cooker and was a bit nervous when I fired it up for the 1st time. It heat up real quick using a ceramic glass cook top, and I was to able to brown the meat realitively quick. The contruction of this pressure cooker looks very high quality and well made. The only thing I wanna add is be very careful with when to lower the heat and when to move the steam controlling top on the top. You can lower the heat as soon as you see steam coming out of the bottom of steam controlling top, and be very careful not to touch the top until the nipple on the handle drops down, indicating that there's no pressure in the cooker. Good investment!
Sadly returning this.  The handles won't stay tight and the screws that hold them are already rusting. Plus hard to get it up to pressure - too much sputtering around the handle for a long time!  I remember my Mother cooking delicious tender meats in her pressure cooker years ago.  But I did not have good results with this one. Followed directions and chicken came out tough.  And - a magnet won't stick to the interior (only the exterior)...so maybe the interior is not stainless steel, but aluminum..which is not what I want to cook my food in. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy.
My Mom always told me horror stories about pressure cooker, but I really wanted one after listening to my friend's successful experience with it. I got this 4-quart one several weeks ago, and I am super happy with it!!  I have been pulling an entire beef top round and pork shoulder straight out of FREEZER to cook in pressure cooker, and I was able to serve dinner in an hour.  It's perfect for a poor planner like me.I did read the manual over and over to make sure it is safe, and yes, it is safe!
I have had the 4 quart pressure cooker for quite some time,  and based on its performance,  I purchased the 6 quart for myself and one for my daughter as well.  We are very pleased.  This is a good product,  but it is important to read and follow the instructions for use and care in order to get the most satisfactory results. I was raised with Presto pressure cookers, and have used others.  None have performed better, in my opinion.  The reasonable price is an added bonus.5/10/08: Presto offers a stainless steel steamer basket and a glass lid as optional accessories that fit both their 4 qt. and 6 qt. pressure cookers.  I purchased the steamer for my daughter and myself,  and the lid for myself.  These products have been welcome additions to our cooking tools.  Do not be afraid to spend the extra money for them...they are well worth it!
Presto has been around for years and I had one in the way back but was a bit afraid to use a pressure cooker.  Now...many years later....I bought a new Presto and I don't know why I was ever nervous.  This one is so simple and the instructions could not be more clear.  I especially wanted it to cook dried beans.  Not only are they much cheaper than canned beans they actually taste better.  I cannot recommend this product highly enough!  I trust Presto because of their longevity (I can remember when they were pretty much the only game in town) and because they are priced competitively.  Have no fear......!
I've used a 6-qt. aluminum pressure cooker for years.  It finally bit the dust so I decided to try a stainless steel cooker.  This one is taller, but not as wide, as my previous cooker.  However, it is plenty big to hold a 3-4 pound chicken or roast, which is what I usually cook in it.  So far I really like it - and no problems yet with hardware rusting like I've read in a few reviews.  I would recommend this one to anyone who needs a not-too-big pressure cooker!
This is my first pressure cooker and I really like it.  For this price, it is a good choice for those who aren't sure if they will use it much.  It is especially useful for vegetarians.  Beans that normally take 2 hours to simmer in a sauce pan are done in 20 minutes in the pressure cooker.  I was afraid to use it at first but there are safety features which should make you comfortable using it.  As long as it is under pressure, you cannot open the top.Although I do like this product, it is overly large for my needs.  If you just plan on cooking a cup or two of beans at a time, I would recommend getting the 4 qt version of this product.  Because the pressure cooker is so fast, there's really no need to make large batches of things.
I love my pressure cooker. Super reliable and if you follow the directions, it always cooks perfectlly Brown rice is cooked in 12 minutes! My first lesson was to factor in the amount of time it takes for the pressure cooker to cool down enough to open the lid. That usually takes another 10 minutes - if you are trying to orchestrate all your food being ready at the same time for a hot meal. I am guessing the cool down time is also part of the cooking process. The instruction/cook book that comes with it is very right on and helpful. Very east to clean, make sure you take out the rubber gasket from the lid and clean it well after each use. I have read that pressure cooking retains more nutrients in the food than any other type of cooking. Makes sense because so little steam or anything escapes.
So we've had this vacuum cleaner for a bit over a  year now. It was purchased September 8, 2009.Currently, my wife is complaining that the vacuum is not providing enough suction to pick up the dirt. The bag in the back was emptied so we know that's not the problem. Time is going to be spent trying to figure out what's wrong with it, and it may be finished das far as I know.My impression of the vacuum over time hasn't been that great. It performed rather poorly on hardwood flooring from the start, and I can't say I was overly impressed on carpet. It's clunky to move around, and when the bag approaches full it tends to tip over.
I've been vacuuming for over 40 years and I enjoy trying new products.I have a myriad of machines, from $100.00 to $1400.00.  No matter what I try, Eureka makes the best vacuuming products and this particular model is best for carpets.  The ergonomics are perfect, but the singularly winning aspect of this machine is it's strong suction and firm grabbing power as you pull it back toward yourself. It's easy use is a huge plus for me - no need to disassemble, re-arrange, clean or empty trays, reassemble, etc.  I just tap the 'On' button, release the handle and go.  I'll buy one of these for every floor in the house and keep each plugged in and ready to go.
I've only had this vacuum for 2 months but it's everything the other reviews said it was.  It's light and easy to maneuver.  I have two long hair cats and it has no problem with all of the shedding.  I like the carpet level adjustment so I can do the bare floor as well as the carpet (for thorough cleaning I use a small wand vacuum for the bare floors).  Assembly is a cinch, took me under 1/2 hour.  Returned my Oreck in favor of this one.
My original vacuum had a hepa filter on it that needing replacing and apparently the manufacturer no longer made them.  I ordered this vacuum because all it needed was a bag.  I am very pleased with it.  It is fairly quiet for a vacuum cleaner, my old model used to scream like a banshee,  and it doesn't have a bunch of hoses wrapped around it constantly coming loose like my old model.  It cleans the carpet just as well as the old model.If you just need to vacuum the floor, this model is great.
We purchased this unit originally for our own use, because our relatives had one of these always available happily for decades, but later, we shared this unit with a close family who needed it to help them with maintenance of newly refurbished wood flooring, and now that WE are writing this review, WE are reminded that WE really need to purchase another of these units in the not too distant future, hopefully still available from Amazon, when it comes time for us to make another purchase of it, because WE feel after years of family use, that this type of unit really is the BEST to use to clean and polish floors and make the job at hand the easiest possible, and the family we shared our other unit with, also voiced this same response to us as well. Blessings to you in all your floor maintenance adventures.
My Mom bought me one of these from Walmart when I was in middleschool. Ive kept it ever since... Its lasted through highschool, going to summer camp, it went to college with me (I used it as extra seating and as a bed a couple of times). It made it through moving 3 times after college and the only reason it didnt deploy with me (much better than Army Toughboxes) is that it didnt have wheels. its lasted half a lifetime and still doesnt even have a strach on it. I love this thing!
I got the 35-gallon size to store some items in the basement that I wanted to be able to get to conveniently but also be able to lock up and keep out of the kids' hands. This box is absolutely perfect for what I intended. Maybe even a bit of overkill on my part (this thing is super solid) but better safe than sorry. It is very well made. Of course, I'm not truly putting it through its paces by using it in a truck bed or travelling through air ports with it or anything like that, but after receiving it and having a chance to see how well made it is, I have little doubt it would excel for those uses as well.Note: If you are looking on putting a lock on it, I recommend you get the "cable" style of Master combo lock that Amazon suggests. The latch hole might be a bit tricky with a different style of lock. Not impossible, but a heckuva lot harder to use than the cable.
OMG!!! this thing is HUGE!!!I just love these things. there is so much you can do with them.use them to store stuff in a home/apartment, on a vacation, a fishing trip, the list of uses is limited only by one's imagination.I have a 15 gallon one(not sure if they still make this size) & I thought that held a lot...this one is so much bigger & roomier...the 24 gallon holds almost 2x more than my 15, & is built just a solidly as the former.After filling this, it can be used for extra seating, a footstool, an extra table maybe...These things are built like a rock!!These are like the ultimate in storage boxes.Would I recommend this to my friends?  yes I would.
I do a good amount of camping and was looking for something waterproof, animal proof, and that I can jam pack into the closet so it doesn't take up a lot of space.  This was perfect!It clamps down well, is a good size for my needs and appears like it will last a long time.  I only have a few comments:- Why not square the bottom up with the top? It would make stuffing stuff in here - easier.- No foam or rubber gasket around the lip of the box. This would make it pretty darn airtight  although easy to add on )- The holes for the locks were not cleanly cut out on my unit. Easy enough to fix - but I would have imagined this would have been addresses prior to shipping.Otherwise, its a small, durable storage box. What else do you want to hear?
Excellent durability.  Good space inside and latches closed.  Would be better if it was taller and not as wide so one person could carry it.  As built now, you will need two people to handle this huge bin.  Would also help if the handholds were deeper.  Overall, very good.Update 11/22/11:  Not as durable as I had originally thought.  Sat on one of these (I'm not very heavy) and the molded seem on the lid split, so now I'm getting water inside the hollow lid.  And yes, the lack of a decent handle is a major annoyance.  Still, it's a decent box that continues to function okay.
I purchased 2 of the 24 Gallon size, one to use as an emergency medical supply container and one to utilize as a portable survival (bug out) box. I found that the 24 gallon size is plenty large enough for each of my intended uses, I kept my items limited to what was most basic and necessary and I still have room for some additional items.I am pleased that I got the 24 gallon size for my purposes because even when they are packed I can still lift them and they are easily transportable, I would think a larger size container that was packed may be too heavy to handle without help.I have posted some pictures, they have hard plastic handles that snap into position and they have a place for you to lock then. Sturdy enough construction and appear to be rugged and durable.
I bought an ActionPacker box exactly like this one many, many (20?) years ago to serve as a newspaper box on my front steps. It has sat out in broiling sun, freezing winter, pouring rain, and the worst that happened was that the color faded and it started looking a bit grungy. I was delighted to see that these were still available, and the new one looks just like the old one, but with brighter colors (and less dirt!) It should be good for another 20 years!
Here's the question: does your stuff have to stay *absolutely* dry?  Will a teaspoon or two of water seeping through the seal destroy your cargo?  If so, then this isn't for you if it's going to be in the bed of a truck or in a receiver carrier.  OTOH, if a tablespoon full of water is something you can tolerate, then it'll do that OK.  I suggest drilling weep holes in the bottom.  It's *pretty* tight... but not totally so.  It worked for me carrying camping gear where I can live with a *little* bit of water in a rainstorm.
I installed two Lasko 3012 fans in my fitness room after some modifications to enable them to mount them directly over the power receptacles which are at 72 inches above the floor.I replaced the existing room duplex wall receptacles with the Leviton 688 recessed receptacle and modified the fan by removing all but about 20 inches of power cord and drilling a 1.75 inch hole in the back of the fan allowing the remainder of the cord and the rear of the plug to recess into the fan. The end result is that there is no power cord showing (just like in the picture (where the power cord must have been removed)). The Leviton 688 and fan mounting plate also had to be modified just slighting in order to accommodate each other. Naturally, I tested the fans before making the modifications which were not difficult at all.The fans aren't noisy and they move plenty of air on low speed.
Fed-Ex just dropped it at my door a matter of minutes ago.  Thought I would give it quick test on the kitchen floor.  WOW!  Floor clean in seconds.  Before I realized it, the entire 2 bedroom apartment was clean in a couple of minutes.  It whizzed across the ceramic tile floors and short nap throw rugs.  Who knew this kind of power could be had for 65 dollars?  Excellent value.  How can such a light weight vacuum have so much power?  It took me longer to write this review then vacuum the entire apartment.  I love it.
I used to own a Mighty Light, which is a very similar vacuum from Eureka.Used that one for about 5-6 years until it finally broke.This thing is slightly stronger and a little louder.This vacuum does a great job getting dust and Cat hair from just about anything(carpet, velvet drapes). Best part is you do not have to run the thing over every inch of the surface (unlike other small canisters), it's powerful enough to suck dust in even when it's in the close proximity.
I like this vacuum and am glad I purchased it.  The price was good and for hard floors it it easy to use and is quite powerful.  One complaint that I do have is that because of the bend in the hose handle sometimes clogs occur if you accidentally vacuum up something like paper or large pieces of something.  It is hard to clear it but the suction hole in the handle helps enable you to "fish out" whatever is in there.  I wish that the handle was not bent.  It may make it easy to hold but the tendency for clogging is greatly increased.  Other than that I have no complaints.  You cannot beat the price and for hard surfaces it works better than any upright I have owned.  For the carpet in my bedrooms I do use an upright for so I would not suggest using this for plush carpet. However it does work well on area rugs and low pile carpets.
Let's be honest: this is an inexpensive vacuum and yet, it lives up to everything the manufacturer says it does.  I have a Dyson that is amazing on carpet -  but I recently moved to a condo that has all hardwood floors and it just wasn't doing the job. With the recent move, I didn't want to spend more than a $100 dollars but also didn't want to regret my purchase.  After carefully reading the reviews here - I decided on the Eureka.Here are some pros:1. Amazing suction power2. Super lightweight3. Very long extension - can reach high places easily4. The hose where it connects to the vacuum rotates, creating smooth movement5. Nice long cordHere are the cons:1. The extension tubes sometimes don't stay attached while vacuuming (can be annoying)2. The opening under the floor tool does not extend the width to the edges (but the suction power makes up for it)I hope this was helpful!
After our quite old Eureka canister vacuum had finally gone belly up, we were looking for an appropriate replacement.  Because this was needed primarily for cleaning hardwood floors, there were a few critical criteria.  It had to be strong, yet compact in size.  It should not be too loud, and the tool assortment should be appropriate for floors and vacuuming cat hair of various furniture items.  Finally, we did not want to have to mess around with cleaning out bagless vacuum containers.  The Eureka Mighty Mite 3670 came through with flying colors on all fronts.  It produces a powerful vacuum, easily maneuverable, convenient for storing, the noise is not too bad, and a good price.  This vacuum cleaner gives an excellent value, and, certainly, gets the job done that we bought it for.
I can only give this a 3. Tools are to small-the motor has a w h i n e to it that drives me nuts! The motor also seems to get very hot--maybe I got a dud and just don't know it. The hoses are stiff-no flexibility at all. I do like a canister vacuum though as opposed to an upright-at least this one follows me around and doesn't knock me out when I pull it along. All in all it is an OK product but they could have done a much better job with the design--you must wrap the cord on the bottom for storage-not a useful feature at all--does it work ok? Sure it does. Should you buy it? Only if you don't mind all the above draw backs.
I didn't expect too much for an inexpensive canister vacuum.  I was purchasing to vacuum cat and dog hair on my carpeted stairs and to vacuum my car.  This little "mighty mite" packs a big punch.  Superb suction, compact and light weight, but does not feel flimsy.  When researching this purchase I found the other customer reviews helpful, and I also found other references to this model as being one of the better canister compacts.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a canister vacuum.
I've had one of these for a couple of months and so far, so good.  It is loud but tolerable.  I think the bags are easy to change -- as with most vacuums, I recommend not waiting until a bag is overfull or things get messy. The long hose is good for reaching under things but makes it a bit of a pain to store.  I think the plastic it is made of is a bit cheap and I wonder if it will hold up over time.  I didn't want to spend a lot though and think it's a good product for the price.
Probably best vaccuum I have ever owned. I only ever buy stand up vacuums but this one had great reviews and I thought, what the heck. It is really light. I hardly ever notice it trailing along behind me, and it has a really good suction! I love the long hose and different attachments. Whereas I used to just vacuum my rugs, now my cleaning routine consists of me vacuuming everything in my house. I mean everything. Lol. It goes from hardwood to carpet easily, the bags last a long time. There are 2 cons on this product in my opinion. 1) the cord does not retract, and 2) the hose is somewhat thin and occasionally kinks. It does seem the hose won't last long but I can't imagine it is much to replace.
My law office is 2,000 square feet of carpeted and tiled floors. We have an upright and a steam vac for the carpets and they do fine. I bought this 3670G 12 amp Eureka mainly for the tiled floors, cleaning the drapes and (because of its long wands) hard to reach places behind desks and work tables. I am very pleased with it. It uses bags, but that is a good feature for us as we like bags when pulling up dust and dust mites (the bags are cheap as I just bought 24 for $12). I do not recommend this vacuum for carpets in general because the large attachment you see in the photo is not a brush attachment (it does come with a smaller brush attachment for drapes and hard to reach spots). But for sucking up loose junk on tile and in between tiles it is great. It is also great for cleaning drapes (floor to ceiling) and hard to reach spots because of the long wand extensions.  Would buy again if needed. 4 stars
This powerful little light-weight machine cleans my house in no time. When the bag gets full, pop out that one and replace it with a new one. My house is about 1500 square feet with only one small area rug. No, it's not great on the rug. But the floors with dog and cat hair, dust bunnies and garden bits tracked in are clean in no time. Then I vacuum the big velvet couch and other furniture, dog pillows, and even the cob webs that appear now and again. This was a marginally careful purchase. My last Mighty Mite lasted for twelve years, the previous one for eight. Hard to look at another brand for vacuuming for me.
The Eureka vacuum itself is amazing.  It is very powerful in such a small unit. It is surprised me at the first time when I used it. There is a small vent hole in conjunction of the handler. I accedentally put my left hand over the hole (I should xeal the hole first). The vacuum suck force made a bruise on my hand.The unit is very convinient (portable). I used it for the hard wood floor and on my Mini-Van. I do not need to buy another one for my mini-van.
I did a lot of research before buying this vacuum.  I hate this vacuum and here is why:  It's CHEAP cheap cheap plastic, cheap plastic hose that leaks air thus decreasing suction.  The suction is miserable even when the hose is not leaking air.  The body is cheap plastic.  The unit is difficult to manuever, the cord is too short and the cord is a pain to wind and unwind.I have a big dog, 2 cats, a baby, hardwood floors and 2 area rugs in a 800 Sq foot house and this vacuum just doesn't function well for my needs.Just don't buy it.  I bought this to replace an old euro-pro vacuum that I had for 10 years that worked beautifully.  I am saving up for a miele canister vacuum to replace this piece of crap.
I owned a Mighty Mite vacuum for YEARS!  It was SO old that it was covered with paint from my home redecoration done in 2000 and I had used it for years before THAT!  The on/off button no longer worked so I simply plugged it into the wall to get it running and when the plug finally disintegrated I knew it was time to buy another one.  Came here to Amazon, marketplace seller gave the fastest delivery in recorded history (IN 24 HOURS!) BUT...even though the machine itself does a great job, the parts are CHEAP!  The hose is not flexible, twists all the time, I wish I had saved the hose from the old one; the electric cord is awful, very stiff, very hard to wrap around the handle, and gets easily tangled in itself.  I love the Mighty Mite but the quality of parts just doesn't cut it; next time, I'll get another brand.
I recently put in hardwood floors and was looking for a light vacuum to use that would be quick to get the job done.  This vacuum is amazing! Strong suction, light enough to carry around with one hand, and I vacuumed the main level of my house literally in 5 minutes!  My husband put a strap on it too so I can wear it on my shoulder.  It makes doing the stairs very easy. The cord doesn't retract, which is kind of annoying, but I'm willing to out up with that.  The hose pieces/extender just attach with pressure and a few times they have come apart, but they would likely be fine if I get my husband to push the pieces together.  Overall very happy with this purchase.
I purchased this Mighty Mite to replace one I had over 15 years.  The only things on this new one that even comes close in comparrison are the power of the motor - which is good, and the extension wands.  The hose is so poor quality that it folded and cut off the air flow on my first use!! the housing feels like it will crack if you bump it into something, the wheels are not much better.  The motor makes for good suction, that is really the only positive I can give on this unit.  The old gray model I had since the late 80's was wonderful! I replaced that one with an Oreck, but wanted to go back to something with wheels on the floor for touch-ups, baseboards, overhead cleaning, etc.
I bought this because I have bare floors with just a few scatter rugs.  It works great on the floors, and is easy to move around, with a very long cord.  I would only rate it as adequate on rugs - it works fairy well on low pile, but not well on high piles, and has a very hard time getting cat hair up.  The pieces of tube that make up the nozzle have a nasty tendency to separate, and so I have duct-taped them together.Pros:  long cord, great on bare floors, light and easy to manouverCons:  ability to handle cat hair, deep-piled carpets, tubes don't stay together
I am surprised by all the good reviews of this vacuum.  I purchased this recently and am returning it right away.  I used it for about 5 minutes, and the smell from the machine was so horrible I had to air my whole house.  It actually made me ill.  It is made of plastic that smells, and for anyone sensitive to smells, beware of this vacuum.  It also does not have a place to add a hepa filter, which it had stated in the description, and I really need a hepa filter on the vacuum.I had bought this for my basement floors, but I would never use it.  I have a Miele for the upstairs, and I'm considering finding a used Miele for the basement also.  No smells from the Miele and you are able to add a hepa filter.  It may be more expensive, but it would be worth it.
The Eureka Mighty Mite is made in China.I bought mine from Amazon in September 2011, so just over a year ago.  It has very good suction, and it is cheap.  The attachments aren't very effective, but overall, it is a pretty good vacuum.  I have a golden retriever, so the vacuum is a little overmatched, but considering it is about $60, I have no complaints whatsoever.I did just buy a more expensive vacuum, which is much better. Mighty Mite is now my teams backup QB. I hope I don't need to use him, but I am confident that if our number 1 goes down with an injury the Mighty Mite knows the playbook, and can perform capably under center.Go Bears!
My unit is an older model which is called &#34;The Boss&#34; but is the very same as this.  Mine has EXCELLENT suction and I don't mind that it is a little noisy.  Mine is used for cleaning up around the woodstove.  It does an excellent job of sucking up ash and wood particles of various sizes.  I don't understand the negative reviews, unless these people received &#34;lemons&#34;.  I would highly recommend this vac for small jobs, I don't think it was intended to be used for  whole house vacuuming.
This is one of the best household products I ever bought.  This is a very powerful little unit and makes all those hard to clean areas a snap to clean.  I don't know what I did without this before.  From day one it was in use.  I now can get all the floor corners and ceiling corners that were so hard to get with a regular Vacuum and attachments.  And, you can vacuum your car with this too.  You can't go wrong with this canister vac.
This is a great basic vacuum. It is great for my small apartment. I have a low pile IKEA rug and it works amazing on it as well as my hardwood. I like how simply each piece just fits into each other without any buttons to get broken off. My only complaint that it has a little sliding piece to remove big debris before it gets sucked into the accordian part of the hose. That sliding mechanism is great, but it's exactly where you put your hands when you vacuum. So, from time to time it opens and you lose a little suction and it has pinched my hand. That said, i can always slap a piece of tape on that part, because otherwise this vac is so good. Suction is really great. Cant beat it for the price.
We needed a new vacuum and I could not decide on what i really wanted. So far this thing has been pretty sweet for the price. Your are obviously not going to get quiet, super cyclone, bagless, blah blah blah and I was not expecting that. This thing is loud, takes bags and has is not easy to store. But it does the job we needed and that is what counts.I am taking one star off because I really wish there was a place to clip the hose and attachment tubes to the housing for better storage. Other than that, color me impressed.
I bought the Mighty Mite about a year ago and have been very pleased.  On the plus side, it has very strong suction and enough nozzle variety to get the job done. It is light weight and easy to store.  It is perfect for small apartment living. Minor negatives is that the light weight accordion hose sometimes kinks and because the vac is light weight, it will may tip about when you are moving around with it.  There is no beater brush, but the brush on the nozzle and the great suction make up for it.  For what you pay, it is a very good purchase.
I hate, absolutely HATE, having debris on our hardwood floors. So I did a lot of research and found this vacuum. It has a very powerful suction AND it doesn't scratch our floors. It is also lightweight and has a very long cord. So when I vacuum, I usually gently tug the vacuum while holding the hose and the little guy follows me around like a loyal companion. It is very versatile and includes different attachments to suit your vacuuming needs. Changing of the bag is easy and mess-free. At first I thought it would suck having an old-school vacuum bag (unlike today's &#34;just empty the dirt out of the canister&#34;) but NO! It's all super easy and I LOVE LOVE LOVE this vacuum.
The vacuum does a good job and does have terrific suction.  But the hose is very flimsy and is constantly getting kinks (which makes it get REALLY noisy till you straighten it out).  Then the wand, right where you need to put your hand to grab it, has a "Slip Ring" which you can open to reduce suction (like for doing drapes).  Problem is that it's always opening up so you have to stop to shut it.  These two things get very annoying.
I LOVE THIS VACUUM, it's 100% perfect for apartments or quick spot vacuuming in homes. Eureka has a winner on it's hands. I especially LOVE the old "tank" design as opposed to the current square "canister" design all vacuums companies are now using. Look no further in it's price range THIS IS the best on the market. So many pluses  but just to name a few...extra long cord, massive suction, long hose.I only have 1 negative comment:When vacuuming you are restricted to back and forth straight line vacuuming and I could see how this would be an issue for some.
Purchased the 3670G via Amazon. Just arrived and immediately plugged it into my Kill-A-Watt. The device shows amperage draw on anything plugged into it and it shows the Mite is only drawing 10amps.Either I received the 10amp model that other reviewers have posted about (old reviews though... two year old reviews) or the mfg is lying about it's capabilities.Having said all that, it's a nice, simple, lightweight machine that really sucks (in a good way), but I can't help but wonder how much better it would perform if it was truly the 12amp model.If any other reviewers have any advice, please post a comment.
This is a wonderful vacuum for hardwood floors (or tile, viynl ect.) will not work on carpet so don't even try.  Makes handy vacuum to clean up after small projects like hanging blinds(saw dust).We have two dogs and 2000 plus Sq ft of hardwoods in our new home and my wife was going crazy trying to keep them clean with swiffers, bought her this on amazon and recieved it in 2 days (prime) we botha are tall (5'10" and 6'4") and love the long handle no more bending over, wish the brush attachments were better but we have extra from our other vacuums.Again for hard surfaces this is a 5 star all the way.
Bought this vacuum cleaner for those hard-to-reach places which I can't get to with the upright.  The canister is light and easy to carry around, the tools are also very light (to the point of being a bit flimsy) and do the job.  The strength of suction can be adjusted using a simple rotating collar on the tool extension tube but it is not a snug fit so it tends to move rather too easily during cleaning.  The general level of suction however is good and it picks up most dust and dirt without trouble.  It does seem to work especially well on tile.
Nice and easy to handle machine with a strong motor, easy to clean filter and good accessory package.  Overall this is a good little vacuum for cleaning stairs and car interiors. However, it has 2 problems.  First, the plastic suction hose is cheap and kinks and collapses easily.  It has no reinforcing, so you don't want to step on it or bend it around a corner.  Second, the hose is a corrugated pipe style with accordion pleats the entire length.  This gives the hose a little strength, but it makes it very prone to clogs and things sticking in the folds.  I have learned to check the vacuum suction each time I use it.  If it feels weak, I need to take off the hose and shake it clean.  In good clean condition, it works as well as any canister.
The suction on this little machine is unreal.  Sure, the parts are made of plastic and with careless throwing around, parts will break.  But if you are careful and don't step on the hose, you'll find this is a gem.  I have no carpets; just 2 throw rugs with non-rubber backing.  The 'carpet' feature totally cleans these rugs.  The floor feature is just what I need for my 2 floors of hardwood.  And the price?  OMG, if it quits in 2 years, I will have gotten my money's worth.
Needed a small, light duty, vacuum for our store.  After checking various reviews, purchased this item from Amazon.  It is compact, lightweight, has lots of power and uses a readiliy available dirt bag, which I prefer.  It comes with a normal complement of useful accessories and has a convenient length power cord.  We use it for bare floors and low-pile carpeting and its performance exceeds our expectations.  Three minor, non deal-breaking negative elements are - 1) the hose and tubes are friction fit and can disconnect easily; 2) The hose is corregated plastic and seems a bit cheap; 3)the power cord has a wrap-up rather than retractable storage mechanism.  But, the cord wrap-up holder is well designed and located.  I would say that the performance is surprisingly beyond light duty and the dirt bag holds plenty of dirt before needing to be changed.  All, in all, this is a very good answer if you want an inexpensive, convenient vacuum.
This is an awesome little machine for the money. Yea... The plastic is a little cheap and it is a little loud but you cannot beat the price or the power. It is perfect for hard surface floors. No it does not leave marks on wood floors. If you drag the cord under the wheels you'll get a mark from the wax on the cord but most people with a hint of intelligence should know better. No the canister does not easily tip over. I honestly don't know where some of these silly reviews are coming from. This is a great little vacuum for the price. If you want perfect go spend two hundred dollars.
I was sick and tired of using a broom so was in the market for a small vacuum. I live in a small place with all hardwood floors, so something small and light was on the top of my list.This vacuum is perfect for my needs. It has great suction, I feel it suck down to the floor! And is lightweight.The only cons (and they aren't big ones) are:the unit gets really hot, really fast. It's not a big deal, but it's kind of weird.I wish that the attachments and hose had a way to break down easer for storage. But I guess you can really only expect that with a larger unit.Other than that, its' great, lots of power.I don't think I would recommend for long carpets, or an all carpeted place. We have one area rug that's very short and close to the ground it works fine on that.
The vacuum is very light and powerful enough for bare floors. I've owned a few of them. One burnt out because the person using it was trying to save on bags and repeatedly let it get too full.  Another one lost a wheel, but it is so light it is easy to carry. Most of all the light weight makes it so that I am never reluctant to take it out and use it as I might be with a heavier vacuum.  It has a surprising amount of power, but I am not sure you would want it as your only vacuum for rugs. It is certainly not the vacuum you would buy for extensive wall-to-wall carpeting.  The previous ones I've owned have lasted for very many years.
This is my second Eureka.  The first a Eureka  100 - a BIG Floor standing Model.  This died on me after fifteen years.  Was too big and heavy.The Mighty Mite was ordered and delivered within one week.Tried it out the same day - This machine S U C K S !! (I mean the DUST)The lightweight is very handy.  Did my 3 Bedroon unit with upstairs and stairs without much effort.  The extra brushes, and long handle and tubes are very good for window sills and odd corners.  Does hard floors well.The free shippind was a great help.  With a little addition to qualify for FREE SHIPPING - I got the Bissell Featherweight Bagless, which I ordered together for areally great deal.A very good buy through Amazon.  Very Happy with machine. Thanks Amazon for assisting  in the Free Shipping.
I am very happy with this cordless vacuum.  I had previously purchased the Hoover Linx (approx $150) - which I loved.  However, the Linx roller stopped working within a year.  I purchased a second Linx - which also had had a problem with the roller.  So, I began looking for a much cheaper vacuum that would work, but be much cheaper to replace when needed.  The Eureka does not pick up as well as the Linx (which picked up as quickly as a standard vacuum), but it does pick up most items on a single swipe.  Heavier items may need 3 or 4 swipes with a change of direction.  I've had the Eureka for several months and it is working well.  All things considered, this is a much better value than the Hoover Linx.
I've been using this for 1 and a half year.Batteries still charges fine and I can vacuum whole house (1200 sqft) with 2 batteries which comes with the vacuum.It's totally handy and vacuum well for hairs include pet's hairs which I really like it.It doesn't vacuum small rocks nor coins.The handle and the tank became really flimsy after a year of use. the dust tank doesn't fit to the body anymore, so it falls off easily.I am thinking to purchase the different vacuum soon.I hope this review helps :)
I bought this because my mom had one when I lived at home, and when I moved out on my own, I couldn't live without one. I believe this is the best cordless vacuum out there for the price. (I've tried Shark vacuums and they were awful.) The suction is great. It doesn't miss anything. It mounts easily on the wall. It's easy to dump the dust bin. The battery lasts long enough for me to vacuum three rooms using the carpet setting. I will own one of these for the rest of my life!PS: These make awesome housewarming or wedding gifts.
One messy African Grey together with a kibble-strewing canine in a kitchen where bread is baked 3-4 times a week was driving me nuts. I was so tired of schlepping out the Dyson 2-3 times a day to vacuum the above mentioned mess. The Eureka Quick Up Cordless is my new best friend. It was ridiculously easy to assemble and mount the charger. The bonus battery pack ensures there is always plenty of power to get the job done. Because the Eureka Quick Up wasn't designed to suck the chrome off a truck's fender, don't expect it to take the place of a traditional vacuum. For those little messes that make you tired of dragging out and plugging in the big guns, the Eureka Quick Up is friggin' awesome!
I have a very large apartment with all bare floors. Once a week I sweep and use a dustbuster to pick up the piles, then wash all the floors using the Twist n Shout mop system. During that week, I use the dustbuster to just go over the floors between washings. Bending over using the dustbuster would just kill my back. I used this machine Sunday for the first time-wow-it's as strong as the dustbuster but I don't have to bend down at all. Today I used it again and got perfect results. I have a 55 lb. dog and it picks up all his hair with ease. I took the handle off and vacuumed my couch. I couldn't believe all the dog hair it swept up from the couch because I didn't even see the hair on the couch and my dog is black. Only reason to keep my dustbuster is to get behind the toilet and my tv stand. The Eureka doesn't fit there. Great Product!
This little Eureka vac works well for me to pick up cat litter, crumbs, and easily tackles quick clean ups on the hard surface floors around my home. It also works well to get pet hair off both carpeted and fabric surfaces; I've used the beater brush setting on my couch and has the couch looking new again every time. On carpets it does a good job grabbing surface dirt except when *really* close to the baseboards. I find it lightweight and easy to handle for quick tasks.I love that it came with two batteries so it's always ready to go. I don't use the extended handle portions so for me this stores in a really compact space. The beater brush setting can be on on or off. The dust cup is relatively easy to empty.This model provides just enough power for the tasks I need it to do and I leave the bigger tasks to my full size vacuum. Pleased with this purchase and recommended for light cleaning tasks on all flooring types and low to medium height carpet.
It's a stick vacuum, folks. So it won't do much more on carpet than collect surface debris (like any stick vac, it's not designed to, though it does have a &#34;carpet&#34; setting) or solve big cleaning problems. But it will, from solid floors, remove crumbs, most dust bunnies smaller than bowling balls, dog and cat hair, and -- for those like us who have canaries or other pet birds -- all 2,000 feathers that each one of those little darlings drops during their annual molt.What I like best is that this model comes with TWO batteries, so I can keep one in the stick vac and one in the charger so the help I need is always at hand. For the price, I like this machine.
I needed a vacuum but was at a loss because there are so many to choose from.  But one day in the doctor's office, I saw a clip of an asthma prevention program in California and they were recommending Eureka because unlike other vacuums, it doesn't blow the dust back out. Although this is not the exact same model, I like the portability of a cordless and it's a strong vacuum.  I have two dogs and I can get the whole apartment clean and it doesn't even lose its charge so I haven't used the spare battery yet.  It's easy to maneuver and there are two settings, one for carpet and one for bare floors.  It's also relatively quiet.
When this first arrived, I was a bit disappointed by how unsubstantial this little machine felt, but I've just used it for the first time, and the second it hit the rug, I could feel a surprising amount of power. And the fully-charged battery allowed me to vacuum my two small carpeted rooms twice without losing any power. And when I emptied the dust cup (which was incredibly easy to do, by the way, and your hand goes on the inside of the cup, while the dirt is stuck to the outside, so your hands don't have to ever touch the dust) I was amazed by how much dust it had picked up!I have a small one-bedroom apartment with very little storage space, and this tucks away easily behind the closet door.Well done, Eureka!
We're pretty pleased with this vacuum - it cleans our rug (it's a felt-type of material so it has very little pile) and cleans our wood floors well. I like that it has 2 battery packs - we've never had the disappointment of picking the vacuum up and realizing it's out of charge. The only issue was the first time I emptied it, dust flew all over me when I removed the cup from the vacuum. Also, the screw somehow came out of our handle and won't stay in anymore so the handle is pretty much useless now until we find a nut to use. The brush got pretty wrapped up in hair, but it was easy to cut free. Overall, a solid vacuum, but nothing insanely life changing.
I bought this vacuum to keep bedroom and bathroom floors tidy.  All three people living in my house have long, brown hair and I can't stand when it gets on the floor!  The vacuum works well for touch up jobs, but it wouldn't work for heavy duty clean ups (like our pet rabbits room which gets covered with hay and fur..).  The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars was that the hair got wrapped around the roller of the vacuum instead of being sucked up into the compartment and was very gross and tedious to remove!  It's perfect for use on the stairs, however, because it only weighs about 4 pounds!  As for the battery life-- I can vacuum about 2 medium sized rooms and a hallway before the battery wears out.  Definitely glad this one came with an extra battery so it can be switched out if you need to vacuum more.
The vacuum is light weight, and picks up dirt and hair quite well.  It runs for a bout ten minutes on a fully charged battery.I am not too crazy about the charger annd charging base.  The charging base is made to be mounted on the wall with screws.  I'm not going to put holes in my walls for a vacuum cleaner that will last a couple of years.  The charging base could be used for counter top battery charging, but it's designed for wall hanging, and it slides on the counter, and the shape is not made for flat surfaces.
This is a great cordless vac. I have two dogs and this picks up all the hair without getting clogged! (works great on floors- medium success with carpet so if you have carpet this may not be your solution). I have an Electrolux that was specifically advertised to be good for people with dogs- what a waste of money- it clogs with the first pass- don't make the same mistake.  The Eureka is very reasonable priced and does a great job.  It's also pretty quiet for a vacuum and my dog who is terrified of the regular vacuum is not bothered by this at all.
This vac is amazing for picking up dog hair, broken wine glasses (who said that? :), leaves that blow into the house, crumbs, party remnants, etc.... I can't believe I lived without this thing for 40 years! If you have the kind of floors that show everything even after you've just mopped - get this! It's a two minute swish through the house and it's all picked up - it's amazing. My son actually loves it because it's 'just his size' so he is suddenly vacuuming the entire house everyday - well, if you insist! :)  I do have to put in the disclaimer that if you're taller then 5&#34;5' you will be scrunching yourself to use this. Others have posted recs on how to elongate the handle but the mfg. should man up and make it up to par.
If you've never tried a stick vac, I highly recommend them.  Super great for quick pick-ups or a run-thru when company is coming.  I have owned several stick vacs over the years but this one tops them all.  The extra battery comes in handy and the clear top makes it easy to see when the brush needs cleaned.  Hang this near your mess area and make clean up quick and life simple.  It does a great job on hard surface flooring or carpeting.
First- I love this light weight vac but it does have a couple of cons that lowered the rating.Con 1- has a hard time picking up little leaves or kitty fur ( which seems to tangle up the rollers easily..)con2. Do NOT buy unless you get two batteries. I have tried everything but the battery life is not anywhere as described and if I hadn't received a second battery I probably would have returned this item.The pro is it does still pick up other stuff pretty well and its so light weight .UPDATE:Increased the star rating due to excellent customer support from Eureka direct.  Notified them of the charging issues and they were awesome and provided the type of customer service that we rarely see anymore.  Hoping a new charging unit and batteries will improve the use time  but regardless.. customer serviced  from Eureka has me believing that if I ever have more problems, they stand behind their product
I have birds, so before getting this stick vacuum, I was sweeping my carpet area every night around their cages. This vacuum works beautifully, and picks up things very well. It's not a &#34;suction&#34; type &#34;vacuum&#34;, but it does a great job mimicking one. The other great thing is this comes with TWO batteries, so you are never without power.  I had a stick vacuum years ago (different brand), and it only had one battery, so if the battery died before finishing, you were screwed, and had to recharge.  With this, if your power dies out, you have another one waiting, and you continue on.  I can vacuum my living room area, the hall, etc., maybe three nights before it starts to sound low. So it has a good longevity to the battery. Again, I love this thing! I'm so happy I bought this!
I bought this to clean up the bits of cat litter my cat tracks onto the bathroom floor  when he jumps out of his litter box.  For this it works stupendously.  I haven't tried it on carpet or as a hand-held, but it seems to be durable and have plenty of suction power, and it has brushes you can turn on for use on carpet.  The extra battery pack is a bonus, tho' I haven't run down the first battery pack yet.  The battery seems to last a long time.
I love everything about this vacuum. The mounting bracket is great for the vacuum and the extra battery. I can do the upstairs and downstairs in a small home one one of the batteries. Really lightweight - easy to pull out and use. I hate traditional vacuum cleaners because of the noise, but this is really quiet and light.It is powerful enough for hardwood floors and wool rugs. I have a shop vac, so if anything major were to happen, it's there. You'd really be better off with a shop vac than a regular vacuum if something major were to happen anyway. Between the two vacs, it's perfect.It's so lightweight, carrying it up and down the stairs is nothing, but if you have the mounting space and a few extra bucks, you might want to pick up a couple of these.
I'll start by saying that I think we may have received a faulty unit. The canister/filter didn't sit right when clicked into place, which may have been affecting the suction power. We ended up returning it.That said, I still would have probably returned this vac even if it wasn't faulty. The reason being, there are much higher-quality vacs available for not a lot more money. We ended up with an Electrolux Ergorapido, which is so much better made in comparison (there is no comparison, really.)Plus, the &#34;handheld&#34; function of this vac is a joke - all you do is remove the &#34;stick&#34; handle, so the head of the vac when in handheld mode is the same huge head as when it is in upright mode. Most other dual-mode models have a removable &#34;dust buster&#34; style vac with a smaller head for nooks and crannies. Not this Eureka!
I had trepidations about the power of this device, especially since it had a carpet brush.  I thought, as battery powered,at first, something has to give as a tradeoff.....either power or run-time.  Well, all worries came to ease after it's initial charge of 16-hours.  This broom is a little powerhouse.  It is perfect for our use, which is, to pick up stray cat litter.  It not only achieves this, but also serves to pick up crumbs or just about any small items from a hardwood or low-pile carpeted floor.  Run-time is fabulous.  It has run for more than fifteen minutes, with no degradation of power, on the initial battery.  if one has to sweep longer than this, of course, the battery can be changed with the charged one in less than ten-seconds.  Highly recommend.
This is the second one of these I have purchased.  I bought the last one several years ago and it is still running strong.  I wanted a second one to keep upstairs.  This little Quick Up is exactly as advertised. What a time saver.  It is  light and weight has considerable suction for a cordless.  It is a little Go To machine and I think anyone would be glad they purchased it.  This would be a great gift I think anyone would be delighted to receive.change
this is my 3rd Eureka Quick Pick Up cordless sweeper. They are great for picking up cat and dog hair and light floor cleaning. I use it daily as I have 2 inside cats.. I would not recommend it for heavy duty carpet cleaning as it is not powerful enough to do a thorough job.It's easy to clean the filter cup but is a little dirty to do so. Just empty the filter cup, rinse it out and the container and allow it to dry before placing on the sweeper.I am pleased it has an extra battery. The previous two did not.If you want a light weight easy to use cordless sweeper, you won't be disappointed
I'm surprised at the power this little cordless has! It picks up the dirt, dog hair and even little pebbles. A single battery lasts a long time, and with the spare battery ready, I can actually keep my place easily quick-swept. (I'm more a gardener, not a cleaner, so if it's not easy it probably won't happen.) Some cons: the filter case is a little difficult to remove, it would be nice if the "on" button was up on the handle instead of down on the base, and although the stick comes off for stair cleaning, it doesn't have a "Dust Buster-like" snout like, say the Electrolux Pronto (which doesn't have the same power). It does clean so well, I'd recommend getting a spare filter or two (they're cheap) so you can rinse one out and have another ready. I'm so glad I got this!
I was totally amazed to find out this uses NiCad batteries that suffer from battery memory and are horrid.  I had to call Eureka and get new batteries sent, the first customer service agent was horrible and made me call back 24 hours later in the event the batteries suddenly started to work.  NiCad batteries are horrible.  The Vac itself is great, but the batteries make it not worth owning.Among rechargeable battery technologies, NiCad rapidly lost market share in the 1990's, to NiMH and Li-ion batteries; market share dropped by 80% for good reason.  With the battery technology today there is no reason Eureka should have used them except to be cheap.
We retired in Florida and about half of our flooring is tile.  We needed a stick vacuum that would properly sweep the tile floor so we could then steam clean it with another device.  It's quick and easy to use and it weighs very little.  When done, we put it on the charger and it is ready for the next time we have a need for it.  It does take about 16 hours to fully charge the batteries, but it's not really  a problem, since we don't use it every day.  The extra battery should come in handy over time, since all batteries lose their ability to hold a charge.  I suspect that it will take a year or two (or more) before we have to buy a new battery, which is available for purchase through Eureka.  This cordless stick vacuum is exactly what we needed and it was a good purchase.
It is so easy to use, I can stand in one spot and vacuum a large area at one time.  Having two batteries is great, as the one in it (not in the charging holder) goes down quickly, but the back-up finishes my house.  Three problems:  1.  There's a screw on the side between the handle and the bottom that won't stay screwed in.  2.  The bristles have to be checked every time to clean it, with my  shoulder-length hair.  3.  The dust holder just barely stays on the unit; the button that holds it in place barely fits right.It was real easy to put together from the box.But it picks up great and fast and easy, and always amazes me that I can make such a mess to fill the filter!
The biggest problem in cleaning spots and stains out of furniture and area rugs is lugging around a heavy piece of equipment. This Hoover is small enough to carry with ease and fills simply from the top. It even has a  built in mechanism so it can't overflow. I liked its performance overall  and found it as good, if not better then other household machines. Of  course it seems to work best with the cleaner it came with but since it's  an economical product that isn't a problem either. The best feature it has  is two separate tanks which means you won't end up cleaning your sofa with  dirty water. Overall this product is a good investment and pasys for itself  in one use.
With a one year old and two year old around the house, there is no end of messes, spills, leaking diapers,etc. I've used this to clean spoiled milk out of the bottom of our truck, clean up poopie off the carpet, scrub juice off the living room floor and it does a MAGNIFICENT job!! i would buy it a hundred times over. I highly recommend it for small jobs that don't require professional cleaning. It'll definately get you through and do a better than expected job
No assembly and ready to go out of box.  2 ounce of cleaner and 1/2 gallon hot water to fill the unit through a convenient fill hole.  Unit does not have to be disassembled to empty, a convenient drain spout.After first use, waste water came out black, and an immediate elimination of pet odor in the stairway.Small size and light weight make it idea for immediate spill clean ups.Unit is built top heavy with a large handle, this balances the weight when solution is in the unit.Cord could be longer and retractable.
I just got this today to clean up a mess my cat made on my couch.  Like other reviewers said, this does NOT create steam, but instead uses hot tap water (I'm not sure why they named it &quot;Steamvac&quot;).It worked well and cleaned up the spots on my couch.  There was plenty of dirty water in the recovery tank, which proves that it does suction.  Many small cleaners like this spray solution on, but don't suction it back out.I didn't think it was overly loud, considering it is a vacuum.  It is very light and easy to carry.  The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is because it doesn't have a rotating brush to help scrub out stains.  Of course, I knew this when I bought it, but it would've been a nice feature.
Just received my Steamvac Jr. today and had pet stains waiting to be cleaned.  After they'd been around for a few weeks this little device didn't hold back the cleaning power.  Suction is awesome and I was so impressed I started to find things I wanted to clean...couch pillows, etc.  I just couldn't stop!  I'd recommend to anyone who's considering a handy, powerful tool of this nature.  (One note of caution...I didn't have the handles locked down all the way...my fault...and when lifting it off the counter after filling it up, it all hit the floor!!  Be aware of TWO locks, not one...)  It does come with a small bottle of cleaning agent which worked just fine but I purchased one separately anyway.  Enjoy!
It's does not vac at all.  I am going to get a canister vac like my friends from Eurica, they worked great.  Uprights are always too loud and does not clean well.  My only good vac was the upright that's cordless.  It does not clean very well, but does the everyday job of picking up dirt.  My ex-wife got it and still using it.  I need to get one.  Wasted hundreds on Hoover and Dirt Devil's upright too.  Purchase 3 Hoover in my life time and are not happy.  3 strikes, your out Hoover.  I'll get a Eureka canister vac for sure.
Because of the many favorable reviews I bought this little vac last week.  I also ordered the Advanced Deep Cleaner with protector and I was AMAZED with the results. I've had a beige sofa bed that was dangerously close to be thrown away like garbage after several years of all types of kid abuse. My sofa looks brand new, smells great and it's soft and fluffy.The machine is noisy, but it's not as bad as I expected. The fabric on my sofa dried up quickly because the machine sucks up till the last drop of water in it. The brush washed away even old ink stains (I soaked them in alcohol for a few minutes before cleaning)Thanks to this little wonder is cheap, easy to use and very effective.
I purchased this timer to replace an earlier version of the same timer that stopped working.  I started out looking for a different brand, but this one was the lowest cost option.The pros:+  Low cost + free Amazon shipping!+  Easy installation & the dial plate fits over the existing switch opening.+  Easy to operate, with the exception noted below.+  Quiet operation... the fan noise is louder.The cons:-  No manual off?  It's odd they removed the manual off feature that we got used to on the earlier version of this timer.-  The knob is a bear to push on & just as difficult to remove!  I suggest installing & removing the knob a few times to loosen it up, before installing the timer.&#9658; Update - January 9, 2014This timer has been working perfectly since we installed it.  We still miss the manual off feature. :(
Easy to install.  Did it myself - female with VERY limited electrical experience but I am good with tools.It works.  We haven't' had it that long so I can't speak to longevity but it is currently doing what it's supposed to be doing.  It's installed in our main bathroom and it gets a lot of use.Directions were very easy to follow and it looks ok when installed. I mean it looks exactly like the picture, nothing fancy or especially decorative.We bought 3 more for other fans.
I bought 4 of these units from Home Depot in 2005 while building a new home; I paid 15 bucks each.  I use them to automatically shut-off three bathroom fans and a laundry room fan (Broan-NuTone QTREN080 80 CFM, 0.8 Sones, Energy Star Fan).  The timer instructions and face plate say to turn the nob passed 10 minutes (at least), which I do.  They still work great after 6 years.They were easy to install.  And they shut-off the fans consistently.  No complaints.  I would purchase one of these again, if it ever failed.
I have been using this timer for about 5 years and just purchased 3 more at the request of neighbors who wanted one for their apartments.  Mine is used to time the hot water heater for my daily shower and has more than paid for itself in savings on the electricity bill.  Previously it was necessary to manually turn on and off the heater and invariably  it remained on longer than necessary, to the detriment of my electricity bill.  The fact that I have used this timer daily for 5 years without a hitch is confirmation of its durability.  I realize that nothing last forever, but after 5 years of daily use mine shows no sign of advancing age.Timers are also available for shorter periods, but I see no benefit in buying one of them.  This timer gives me the option of a full hour, but also permits running the timer for any period less than that.If you need a timer, this is a very good choice.
Strong, stable, stackable, 'nestable' - these boxes have it all... except labels.  Would be nice if Akro included a few labels for the front... they do, but they want you to pay for them, so I'll just cut out some card stock.  These also can mount to the Akro wall-system which is nice, and may be the way I build my next garage work bench.  Currently they're sitting on the bench stacked 3 high.  I liked them so much I placed a second order!
Quick and easy setup -- no installation required, even though it comes with screws. Mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary. At long last, i finally have my multitude of brooms/mops/swiffers/dusters/dust pans OFF the floor and out of the way every time i open the closet door. A great investment for an organized utility closet! Shipment was fast and product seems of good quality, nice and sturdy. I like that it is white so blends in with my white door. Highly reccommend.
I live in an apartment, so I wanted something that I could hang over the door instead of drilling/nailing things into the wall for me to fill later when I move out. It was really hard to find! This comes with the hardware to mount if you want to, which is nice if/when I go somewhere more permanent, but honestly, hanging it over the door is working great. Why drill holes when you don't need to? It was a little difficult getting the bracket attached to the peg part. I ended up using a hammer which caused some of the white paint to come off, but you really can't see it and it doesn't affect function. I'm happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone.
We purchased these bags for the first time in May 2001.  I installed a bag and thought it worked OK.  (I did not throw the former bags, not Hoover bags, out.)  The next time the bag needed changing the lady who cleans the house (unbeknown to us) installed the bag we had been using previously.  My wife who is very sensitive to house dust recognized the difference.  After a very short time my wife said she could smell the dust when the vacuum cleaner was in use.  I changed the bag in our vacuum back to a Hoover bag and the probem was cured.  While not very scientific, it convinced us.  I have thrown the other bags away.Additional Comment:Because of the small particles that are trapped in the bag, I take the vacuum outside to remove the filled bag.  This prevents these particles from escaping back into the air in the house.
This will be short, it's a replacement bag for Hoover vacuums, it's OEM, it works, no manufacturing or quality issues. If your vacuum uses this size, I see no reason not to get it. As long as my self propelling Hoover continues to run, and it has been running for over a decade, I will get these replacements. Thanks to Amazon for making these so easy to acquire, would have had a hard time locally, otherwise.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
There was a review titled &#34;Didn't Fit&#34; which stated:&#34;Be warned! If you are looking for the &#34;Type Y & Z&#34; bag for a Hoover Wind Tunnel vac, don't assume a &#34;Type Z&#34; bag will fit....it won't!&#34;I don't doubt the reviewer got a product which doesn't fit.  Maybe hoover does weird things.  I double checked, and the previous bags I used were &#34;Type Y & Z&#34; - the last one is still in the vacuum.  I replaced that one with this Type Z - fit just fine.  So, I'm not sure what happened with the poor fellow which got ones which didn't fit, but worked just fine for me.It's the genuine hoover product, not the knockoffs sold on here as well.  I figured - why bother saving fifty cents a bag or whatever, when these bags last months.  Not worth the hassle of having something not fit or work properly.
Awesome pick up power for pet hair.  Does an excellent job cleaning carpets.  I would have given it 5 stars but it overheated on the 3rd use.  I e-mailed hoover and they said to make sure  all filters are clean. I discover a filter above the dirt canister and it was clogged.  The new routine is to check that filter when dumping the canister. No overheat problems with a clean filter. The Hoover folks said that the motor needs lots of air flow to keep it cool. Really impressed with how much dirt it removes from the carpet.
The belts as such are excellent but the Hoover keeps killing them every few months.  My wife uses it carefully but the belt is so tightly stretched around the pegs it is bound to snap and thats what happens.  There got to be much better design.  I had to buy several belts and keep in stock but now I am really fed up with the above Hoover vacuum about this!  I have an older Hoover which has been working since 1988 without a hitch, really.  They do not make things like that any more!!!!!
I bought this vacuum cleaner belt because I do not need it. Have you ever needed a vacuum cleaner belt? Have you ever needed one IN A HURRY? I had a Kenmore that was the best carpet vacuum I have ever seen, but the belt broke. I didn't have another. I put off looking for one. I moved to an apartment with all wood floors and discarded the Kenmore. Now I have area rugs and a Hoover that just isn't as nice and I can't find bags for it anywhere but Amazon. So I bought the bags here, and the belt too because it was inexpensive and I have bad memories of lacking the vacuum cleaner belt. So now I have this Hoover that I hate too. And if it breaks its belt, I have one on hand so I can go on hating this vacuum cleaner for ever. I even ordered a new hose for it.
I have the Hoover Windtunnel Max vacuum cleaner and these belts fit. Buy them in advance, because my vacuum cleaner picked up a blanket and I pulled it out when the vacuum cleaner was still on. You are supposed to turn off the vacuum cleaner, then pull out the blanket. Well, that was one of the first times I vacuumed with my Hoover and it ruined the belt, and I needed a replacement right there on the spot. I had one, because I went and bought this 2-pack along with my Hoover. A good practice.
For some strange reason, I have a lot of trouble getting to sleep if this fan isn't on.  It doesn't matter if it's snowing outside, this fan has to be on.I have been using it for 2 years and it still works great.  I rarely use the high setting because I have a small room, but the low setting is great for sleeping because it isn't very loud.My only complaint, as will ALL fans that I've owned, are that they get dusty rather quickly and are difficult to clean.  You have to unscrew the plastic screens, wipe the fan blade, hose down the screens, and screw them pack on.
i have for over two years the lasko box fan that i use in bedroom and it works very well,but being an idiot when i came to amazon to order another one i was too lazy to look up my old order and ordered this one becuse "it looks the same".  its not.  the 3723 model from two years ago is fabulous.. really cools a mid size room.  this newer model you have to be within 2 feet to even feel any aire.  buy the 3723http://www.amazon.com/Lasko-20-Inch-Premium-Box-3-SPEED/dp/B000HHJ2I2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1344856518&sr;=8-1&keywords;=lasko+3723
inexpensive fan, works just fine. i bought this for white noise when i sleep, and it makes a consistent whirring sound which suits my noise needs just fine. moves air too, but since that is not what i use it for, i can not speak for it's abilities at that task.side note, the fan came packed only in it's original box, and the first one was cracked and broken. i sent it back, got another, and, and, and... the second one was broken also. it didn't affect the fan really, so i called amazon, got a 10 dollar credit, and kept it. they said they would be flagging the company, whatever that means. never a problem with returns etc at amazon. but since this is a review of the product, not the packaging, there is no star reduction.
Nice to see Made in the USA on the outside of the Lasko 20" box the fan arrived in!Delivery was before scheduled and caught me and my two cats by suprize! Cats have nice new box to play with and I have great smooth operating and quiet cooling Lasko 20" box fan just the right size for my apartment. If you run it on the highest speed naturally it is a little louder. This fan delivers the goods,goods in this case being circulating cool air. Appreciate the prompt delivery also. You may wonder why the early review since having the fan only a couple hours,well the reason is I trust Lasko for a good product since my previous fan was a Lasko I have used for the last 10 years! Motor just wore out after good work for 10 years. Thanks Lasko!
From now on, I'll always look for a Lasko 3733 when I need to replace a fan. I bought my first one 5 years ago and it ran 24/7 365 days a year. It took 5 years of continuous use before one of the ball bearings wore out. FIVE YEARS of 24/7/365 use! This is a superb fan!This fan is very well balanced. It never wobbles or shakes.This fan is not a quiet as I'd like, but then again, I want perfection and that's not going to happen. It  is quiet enough on the slow setting, and making a fan spin faster does nothing to move air faster (believe it or don't, this is pure physics).Cleaning of this fan is very easy. Simply remove the grill screws, then remove the grills. Then unscrew the blade holder, and pull the blades off the spindle. Wash in hot, soapy water. Replace everything, then turn it on so that it drys itself.
My concern while purchasing this fan was air flow.  Needed a substitute air conditioner for the summertime.  Needed something that could create alot of air movement to suck in the cool air at night, and something that could be aimed at me could cool me off during the day, and this fan achieves that for it's lower price.  Box fans are great, place then in a window and they'll cool a room down in no time.  It is not a quiet fan like the ultra quiets on the market today but it is not as loud as those turbo jet fans.  It has a normal good size fan noise that I don't find irritating.  Other than that, you really don't need the foot attachments.  I placed on the desk, turned on high and it did not fall over.  So, to conclude it is a good solid fan for a reasonable price when your main concern is air flow.
I just bought one of these from Target. This fan is LOUD and makes waaay too much noise.  Even at the lowest setting, this fan sounds like an airplane is getting ready to take off.  I'm not exagerating.This fan is LOUD !!!  Forget about sleeping with this fan on at night.  I am even worried the neighbors can hear it at night.The noise is awful --  and a bad surprise when you need to use it. My parents always had a couple of these box fans around and they never made anywhere near this kind of noise.  The construction is all plastic.  They dont make them like they used to.I dont get it -- the electric fan technology has been around since 1900 --why is the product getting worse and more expensive ???Save your money and buy something else.
This is a fine, basic box fan.  I don't want the fan to be too quiet, and this one isn't.  The low is low, and the high blocks out other noises. I use the fan both to move air into the house and to block out white noise, and this one does the trick.But it's a basic box fan.  There is no thermostat. The three modes are not particularly 'whisper quiet', as I've heard other box fans quieter and less powerful.There's a knob on the top with three speeds and two plastic feet to help keep it from falling over.That's all.Which is exactly what I needed, for about the cheapest price I could find here on Amazon.It's just not really what the description notes.
Mine arrived crushed because there's no package padding (should be double boxed).  I fixed it myself because I didn't want to return it, by bending it back into shape (it's sort of flimsy, so it wasn't hard).  But, it's too loud for the bedroom even on low.  And, it smells of an oil/electrical smell when it is turned on, yuck.  I have it turned on outside to try to work out the smell (no, it's not rubbing or smoking or anything).I'm trying to replace a Holmes box fan that burnt out after years of use.  The Holmes was extremely quiet on low, and had the added benefit of a rotatable angled vent that could blow diagonally from the window into the room at the side.  Sadly I can't find a direct replacement for my old fan, and this one isn't going to fit the bill.
Our air conditioning went out on the hottest day of the year so far. So we bought a few fans so we could survive until we could get someone to fix the problem. This fan is good for putting in front of a window to draw in cool air. It is effective for that purpose and does seem to keep a room cooler. As far as this having 3 quiet speeds I'd have to say that is not quite accurate. It is not a silent fan as it does make some noise. But for the price it does a good job. One thing however is that this fan scares my cats. It might take some time for your animals to get used to the noise.~The Rebecca Review
I love this fan. We bought it years ago and have never had a problem with it. It's pretty simple to figure out. It has three settings: High, medium, low. This is great to put in a window to circulate some fresh air. It runs pretty quietly on the low and medium settings but can get a little loud on high (which is kind of expected).Overall, this is a purchase I have not regretted. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a durable fan. You could probably find it a lot cheaper in a local store. I got mine at Dollar General.
For years, hubby and I have bought Lasko fans to keep in our bedroom.  This is our third one.We use it to keep the air circulating and for the white noise to help me sleep.None of the three that we've owned have had any whining, squeaking, rattling or weird noises.  Just a nice, smooth hum.It does blow hard.The first one died because I let it get too dusty.  The second one lasted for 7 years and I only replaced it because my son needed a fan and I wanted a shiny new one for myself.
I have been sleeping with a box fan in my bedroom  year round for many, many years and have owned several different models but this one tops them all. I can turn up my thermostat in the summer and still stay cool and comfy, in the winter it helps  circulate the warm air in the house. I have a teenage son at home and when he has friends who sleep over they can be a bit noisy sometimes. However, with my Lasko fan turned on the number 2 setting I don't hear them and my son's bedroom is right across the hall from mine. This being said, if you are looking for a quiet fan then I suggest you buy another brand. However, if you want to lower your electric bill and block out noise then this is the one to buy. You can't go wrong with this Lesko!! I reccomend it highly!
I, like many people, have become accustomed to having a fan on when I sleep. I have had a few other fans and most have not lasted. I bought two of these a few years ago and both are working like new. I use mine and my son uses his, every night on low when we sleep. All three settings work and the fan is as quiet as a fan rapidly moving air can be. According to my kill-a-watt, this costs me approximately 11 cents to run for 24 period on low. You can calculate more from there if you would like. My fans don't go into windows so they haven't seen a lot of moisture and i do clean them semi-annually. The only problem is like all my other fans, the legs that keep them upright on high broke long ago. I would recommend them as they run well and have pasted the test of time in my home.
I have had my WM 6qt for 11 months. The ice cream was great but the motor has stopped working. BE AWARE THAT AMAZON only warranties this product for 30 days. The manufactures warranty for the motor is one year. I now have to go to the hassle of contacting White Mountain and securing service for a product that they did not sell to me. I anticipate issues. For a unit that cost this much the seller should back it for the indicated periods.White Mt was very easy to deal with and did replace the motor. I only gope is that it last longer. Great Ice Cream.
We purchased this unit after our less expensive Rival ice cream maker died during the third use.  I wasn's thrilled about having to buy another Rival product, but this ice cream maker is so far above others we've used that I can recommend it to anyone who has the $$ to buy it. All metal parts, including the motor, are of heavy steel.  The dashed is metal with removable wooden slats for easy clean up.  It seems to be a bit quieter than most models and turns out a generous six quarts of ice cream.  Now instead of eating the whole batch in a day, a batch will last a couple of days.  The motor speed turns the cylinder faster than most of the models that seem to grind on and on.  This gives a smoother, well-mixed ice cream.  We'll use it year-round, setting it in the kitchen sink while it runs to catch the overflow of ice/salt mixture.
This is the real thing! I have tried other ice cream makers and this thing worked flawlessly out of the box and makes real ice cream even in a hot and humid environment with ambient temperatures of about 33 degrees Celsius and  85% humidity in a RESTAURANT kitchen and I have been using this everyday to make at least 2 or 3 batches everyday!Would definitely recommend it. A durable item that holds up in today's disposable times. A bit on the loud side as in other reviews but in a restaurant kitchen, who cares as long as it does the job reliably!
My father has had one of these ice cream maker for about 25 years, I got mine about 10 years ago, and just got one for my son & his wife.  After trying some of the 'cheaper' models, I went with what my Dad had and it has worked like a charm.  It has never given me a bad batch of ice cream, and we make it all summer long.  The only thing that I've found with any homemade ice cream is to let it 'sit' for about 30 minutes after the churning is done.  It has a chance to harden up, and the kids always like having the dasher for a pre-taste!I don't think you'll ever find a better ice cream maker - and I hope you enjoy yours as much as my family has ours!
I didn't fully realize how nice this peeler is until I was at my mother's over Christmas and tried to use two of hers.  They were slippery, dull, and they HURT to use!  I had never understood that one peeler really could be better than another before that.This peeler is comfortable to hold, even at the end of a big job like peeling apples for a pie or potatoes for Thanksgiving dinner. It is sharp, so you don't have to use a lot of pressure, which also helps decrease hand fatigue.  All-in-all, a good product.** Update 8/18/11: I'm back to purchase two of these as stocking stuffers for my mother. No excuses -- now she can throw out those peelers that have been hanging around since I was a kid. . .
I love this peeler!  I had one just like it for many years (until I somehow lost it!) and it worked perfectly EVERY time.  I couldn't remember where I bought it and couldn't find another one in any stores - until I finally looked on Amazon.  Thank you, Amazon!  Not only is the gripper handle perfect, the blade works as it should.  I purchased a couple other peelers during my quest and I was very disappointed.  Their blades kept slipping over the vegetables without cutting.  Very frustrating.  I even tried a kitchen Aid brand and hated it.  So save yourself the frustration and the tired hands and just buy this one!
As with all OXO Good Grips products, the handle on this peeler is great.  The blade, however, is less than 2 inches long, making it very difficult to peel rounded items like potatoes, though it does work well on long thin produce such as carrots or cucumbers.  Another problem is that the tip of the peeler is rounded and has a rubber coating, rather than the pointed corer found on most peelers.  In short, this peeler is a nonstarter if you are looking to peel potatoes.
Just like the last post, We had one of these for years. Ours too suddenly disappeared without a trace!  How wierd!Anyway, I went to my local walmart and they did not have this same model, so i settled for what they had in stock. Needless to say, I returned that piece of junk the next day, got a refund. And found one of these at another local store!  I couldnt believe what i had taken for granted in this potato peeler!It is still very sharp after years of use, the handle is very comfortable and the swivel on the blade works perfectly.I dont know what the diff is between this model and the $12 model also made by Oxo, but this one is fantastic!You will get years of use out of this peeler, untill maybe the aliens decide to snatch yours too!
I've long been a fan of OXO utensils but I didn't think there was a good are bad when it came to peelers. I was wrong. I cook quite a bit and had used a peeler recently at my brother's house. When I got this one and used it, it was like night and day. It is surprisingly effective in peeling as if it were super sharp, but I've run it into my hand on accident a couple times and never been cut. There's something about the design of the blade that makes it pretty safe to use and still really quick at peeling. It also comes with a nifty plastic blade cover that I use to protect the blade from dulling in my utensil drawer. Nice little feature.
If you're not a cook, then you probably won't have a use for this, but anyone in the search of a superior vegetable peeler, look no further. I've had mine for over two years, and it's working as well as the day I purchased it. It doesn't dull, it peels efficiently, it's safe, light, easy to handle, easy to clean, and doesn't rust. It works well with potatoes, carrots, cucumbers, and zucchinis. I've never tried chocolate, though. It's crazily cheap that you should definitely give this product a try. I promise you won't be disappointed.
Peeling has never been more fun!  I love this peeler. It is super easy to peel any kind of fruit I want. I'll never go back to the regular type of peelers or God-forbid dangerous knives. I like peeling potatoes, apples, and carrots.  Sometimes, I buy root vegetables just so I can peel them.  This peeler is ergonomically comfortable. I can grasp it quite easily with my miniature sized hands. (I wear size XS gloves.)  It's not hard to clean either. I just rinse and wipe, along the grain, using a sponge. That does the trick.  I've had this for months and so far no visible grime has built up on it.  It is rust free as the day I bought it.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend. I am recommending it to you.
It's surprising what a big difference a good design can make.  I replaced my old peeler with a KitchenAid one, only to find out it was so poorly designed it'd mangle anything I used it on, and barely peeled anything.  It was so poorly designed, I ended up cutting myself the three times I used it, because it kept catching and slipping.The less expensive OXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler easily removes the peel without damaging the item being peeled.  There was no catching, or damaging the produce, and it took a lot less time.  I don't think I've ever bought a bad kitchen utensil from OXO.
I'll be honest; I don't get much exposure to a great variety of vegetable peelers, but I would hazard a guess that this is one of the best.I bought this based on the other good Amazon reviews and have not regretted it. Its sharp and very efficiently does its job.My sister came over for Christmas and after using it on a few dozen vegetables was so impressed that she went out the next day to find one of her own. I have a reputation in my family for buying the best of the best, no matter the cost, so she was very surprised to find this peeler was so cheap.Buy it, it just works.
For years I thought that the veggie peelers I purchased time and again at the dollar stores were good enough. After all, a peeler just peels stuff -- so who cares.After trying this at a friend's house while making some soup, I learned the error of my ways. I'll never use one of those cheap things again!This is so comfortable to handle and work with, it made a job that I considered the worst part of the process the easiest! (Why didn't anybody tell me that peeling potatos is not SUPPOSED to be a nightmare?)GREAT little tool! GIANT time-saver! BIG bargain!
Bought for 3rd time in November 2012.  Due to misadventures in moving we have had to buy this exact product 3 times.  The grip stays in hand with no slipping even if hand gets wet while using.  Peels excellent with little pressure.  My gal friend has rheumatoid arthritis and this is the only style she can use.  Got stupid once and bought the Kitchen Aid red colored one just because of the color and regretted on 1st use - handle was uncomfortable, slippery, and blades would not peel properly.  The OXO is easy to use, easy to clean, very reliable product and company.  Amazon price slightly better than any other store we researched.
Like many of the &quot;Good Grips&quot; products, it's really astounding how much better this peeler is than &quot;traditional&quot; peelers (you know, the all-metal, slightly rusty thing that had been in your utensil drawer since you bought at at the supermarket when you were stocking the kitchen for your first apartment).  This inexpensive gadget produces much better results, much faster and more comfortably, than any other peeler I've ever used.  It works equally well on potatos, carrots, apples, etc.  It's cheap ($5-$6 for an essential kitchen tool you'll own for years) and works great; why in the world wouldn't you buy it?  If you cook and you don't own one, stop reading and buy one now.  It's a no-brainer.
I purchased the OXO Good Grips Peeler back in 2000 and I have been using it ever since with no problems whatsoever. I originally bought it to replace the peeler that came in my Culinary School tool kit. That peeler had broken after only a month of use. But I have used the OXO peeler ever since, going on 5 years now. It feels great in my hands and peels potatoes, carrots and other vegetables perfectly. While I was in school my classmates were constantly borrowing this from me and asking me where I bought it. Even one of my Chef instructors loved it and would use it from time to time. If this peeler were to ever break on me, which it has shown no signs of doing, I would not hesitate to buy another OXO.
Yup, this is a great peeler.  The handle is sturdy and feels good in the hand.  The "grips" help avoid slippage with your wet, kitchen hands.  Swivel action helps when peeling uneven surfaces (think potatoes).  The guard over the top of the blade aids in gripping and safety.The peeler I had before this was some cheap little thing I got at the grocery store.  It's definitely worth a few extra bucks to get a real peeler.  Especially if you love sweet potato mash as much as I do!
This is the best peeler I have used!  I have one and have given them as gifts numerous times. The grip is comfortable, the peeling action is smooth and quick and it just is a joy to use.  What more could you want? My wife  has carpal tunnel and loves the whole line of OXO products, but this one is  our favorite. Even my 11 year old daughter begs me to use it when I peel  vegetables.This is the last peeler you'll ever need!
This peeler works very well, comfortable handle. Stays sharp.  Our day care kids also like it.Dishwasher safe, too.HOWEVER;The potato eye remover is nearly useless. The leverage is wrong at the tip of the peeler blade.We own an older model OXO Good Grips peeler with the potato eye removers at the base of the blade, near the handle.  Much, much better. The eye removers near the handle are easy, quick, and accurate.This older model has one eye remover on each side, so it works equally well for right-handers and left-handers.Sometimes the best model does not win in the marketplace.
One would be surprised how rare it is to find a peeler that is actually easy to use. The grip has to be just right, the peeling head has to swivel not too much and not too little and its edges have carry just the right amount of sharpness. I went though a number of peelers which I all eventually abandoned in favor of my trusted knife. However, once I got my hands on one these OXO ones, I never used my knife again.Nowadays, that seems you cannot go through a single day without coming across Food Shows, this swivel peeler is a must in every kitchen.RECOMMENDED.
The day I got this peeler, I compared how it peeled side by side with my other swivel potato peeler, just like an infomercial, or something. The size of the pieces that came off when peeled with the new one was incredible. It takes no time at all to peel a potato, whereas I had to spend at least 10 minutes on it before! I'm surprised that most swivel potato peelers don't have any kind of grip on the handle, because after any length of time, holding it can definitely be hard on your hand. It peels carrots equally well, and it makes cooking much more leisurely and fun.
I rather enjoyed this peeler. In fact, when I first used it, I was disappointed I didn't have more stuff to peel. This peeler does not require any elbow grease to move it down the vegetable and get it to peel--you don't have to apply any pressure. The handle is nice and big so it feels comfortable in your hand. The head swivels a bit so the blade can adjust to the contour of the vegetables quite easily which is necessary when you are peeling things like potatoes. I am glad I bought it.
I purchased this years ago and have loved it from the start... It's so comfortable to hold, works in both directions - peeling away from your hand or towards your hand. We use it on cucumbers, potatoes, and carrots. Takes off just the right amount of peel with each swipe. It has held up fine in the dishwasher and seems to be still sharp enough, probably 15 years after we bought it... LOVE IT and would highly recommend. The lines you see on the sides of the handle are great for gripping and compress as you squeeze them, so even with wet hands, the peeler does not slip!
I have about 5 different peelers in my drawer, my last favorite one was similar but the cheaper $1.99 version from walmart but they don't have a higher end product like this. However I love the previous one, it came to rusting due to its cheaply made metal I think. So I'm seeking for a better replacement, I do like most of OXO products like can opener, wine opener etc... One thing I didn't like about previous walmart version is that it peel a bit thicker than I want that it take away more than I want just the fruit's shield. This peel was great, peel thinner, exactly as I wanted. But I hope it'll last much longer for its price and brand that doesn't rust out like the other one.Best peeler I ever have, this would probably a good gift for mother's day.
meh.. it's alright...  Does it peel?  Yes.  I've had mine for a few years now and even had them sharpened.  So, how much can there be to a peeler to make a difference enough to say "oh yeah baby peel baby peel"?  Not this peeler.  In general I like OXO stuff for their grips and that's about it.Rather than just complain.  Allow me to point you to a peeler that has me reeling peels.Messermeister Peeler Trio SetThe Messermeister is a much better peeler in that it requires hardly any effort with the standard peeler.  It comes individually or as a trio pack.  Of the trio the standard and serrated peelers are the most often used.  The julienne peeler not so much but consider it a freebie at this price.  nogo on this oxo.
I learned about this brand through the Today's show one morning.  And they were not kidding-- This company does have great products!I uploaded a picture to illustrate how well the corer does the job.  Everything came out nicely and neatly.  All it took was bit of turning and pushing, and then the whole core came out like a beauty!  I just love it!  Plus, it saves so much time.Yes-- the handle/grip is absolutely well designed.  It fits in my hand well and it doesn't slip at all.
Apple corers have always been a pain.  The kind wth the handles that you center over the apple and push down into wedges...those just don't work well.  If the core is off center, you end up with a difficult cut and having to pare away the core from the slices.This Oxo Good Grips Corer is nice.  The trick to using this one is to twist as you push and yo get a much cleaner coring.  I used this and then slice the apples into rings...my kids love it.
I've been looking around for an apple corer (and hopefully cheaper than Pampered Chef) and stumbled upon this one.  AWESOME bargain!  My kids have enjoyed apple ring snacks (smeared with peanut butter and sprinkled with granola) and baked apples with brown sugar!  My son has a habit of munching the apple through the core, but will not eat an apple that has been cut up.  This corer has been the perfect solution, as I can keep it in tact and remove the core for him.  Very sturdy, easy to use and a steal for the price!
I absolutely love this corer! It's incredibly easy to use, and the best part is that it doesn't seem to have any sharp edges I can cut myself on. Clutz-approved! Despite lacking sharp edges, it still cuts through an apple very easily and without a lot of force. OXO handles are great, as I have quite a few of their other products in my kitchen, and this has lived up to it's non-slip standard. If you miss getting all the seeds out the first time, no worries! It comes out as easily as it goes in and and you can try again. Just try not to get too crazy with it, or you'll end up with a bunch of apple cylinders and no apple left!
I have several OXO Good Grips gadgets in my kitchen and I find they are consistently well designed and do the job they are meant to do and do it well. This corer is right up there with the best of the OXO tools. The handle is large and sturdy and helps me get a good grip so I can get the core out with one motion. I have really bad arthritis in my hands so if this tool did not perform well, I'd be looking for a replacement.I find this size takes out just the right amount of core. I tend to buy organic when possible and those apples are generally a little smaller than conventionally grown ones. This corer takes out just enough so the seeds and little tough seed casing is removed without taking too much of the apple flesh.Very pleased with this product and happy to recommend.
Before buying this product, I used an apple corer and divider. I hated using it because I'm petite and it would take me 5 minutes of using all of my strength to core the apple and have it cut into wedges. I am starting to eat healthier and decided to buy this apple corer to see if I liked it better. I love the OXO Good Grips Corer! It takes just seconds to core the apple and the core is easy to remove from the corer. The handle is comfy and easy to grip. Cleaning the corer is also easy. I use this to core small and medium-sized apples and the core comes out completely. However, I do not think the core will come completely out with larger-sized apples because of the size of the head. Overall, I would definitely recommend this product.
I followed the recommendation of Cook's Illustrated in buying this. The corer is so much better than the half circle corer I used growing up. Solid handle is easy to grip and gives you enough torque that it feels almost effortless to use. The hardest part is aiming the thing so it goes through the center of the apple. Also the size of the core extract is a little on the small side for the biggest apples. A little of the core is left in the apple, but for normal store sized apples it works great. Highly recommended!
This is an easy corer to use. You push down on the stem end and punch out the core of the apple. Peel first or not. Sometimes you get a wonky apple and the core misses a few seeds but that can be handled when you quarter the apple (a bit of trimming with the paring knife.) This is fast. I used to have one of those slice-and-core type corers but this is so much better. It's more compact in the tool drawer and it works a lot better. It's actually faster and cleaner to use the paring knife to cut the apple wedges if that's what you want.The handle is nice and grippy and thick for a good grip as you push it into the apple, and the blade is sharpe enough to easy penetrate the fruit and push out the core. I use this all the time.
I bought this originally to core and fill cupcakes. This tool is great for this. You can remove the core of a cupcake and the cake will stick to the inside of the corer and easily pull out of the cupcake, Then you can use your finger to push the core out of the corer. Then fill your cupcake (with marshmallow cream, or cherry filling, so many yummy options). We also have used it to core cucumbers (and fill with herbed cream cheese). Of course coring apples is easy too. One thing I like is that while the tool isn't exceptionally sharp, with a bit of pressure it easily cores items. I like that it's not a super sharp tool, but rather serated to cut through items.
I've seen different products for apples and onions that look like they do the same thing.  I needed something for both and this fits the bill.I roast and smoke apples and onions both (not together...) in the grill and in the smoker all the time.  Some of my more popular and requested items actually, so I have a need for this in more than just one way.To core your apple or onion, if it doesn't simply push straight through, all you have to do is twist it slighly back and forth while pressing down.  It cuts cleanly and doesn't take out too much either, no real waste to speak of.  For larger items you may need to go through it one more time taking out the extras but for regular or medium-large items this takes everything out in one push.Works perfectly, has a "good grip" per the name, is very solid and cores easily.  Highly recommended kitchen gadget that will certainly get its uses around my house.-D
I use this tool every day and love it. It's very well built, simple, functional, easy to use, and only takes a few seconds to clean. What more can you ask for? It's really a time saver and makes eating apples more enjoyable because you don't have to deal with the seeds. It also cores pears.To use it all you do is line up the center of the apple, apply a little pressure while turning the handle slightly and it takes out the core with very little effort. If you love apples and pears, this is a must have tool.
My honey said this one was the best he's ever used. Every salad now has a zest of something wonderful in it.I got this one and the "OXO Good Grips Grater", and the "OXO Good Grips 3Piece Peeler Set" for my honey. It's great to have an option of a bunch of different fantastic tools to make life fun, and dinner times zesty and exciting.Then it's time for ice-cream and who doesn't like ice cream with zestful spoonful's of grated bitter sweet chocolate.Before Dinners, my darling would also marinate delicious inventions he serves me for dinner. Every marinate has zest of something wonderful in it.Every muffin has a zest of something wonderful on it.Looks great hanging, looks great standing, looks great leaning, but looks best trimming. It's Zesty and I love it, now we can throw away that piece of sh_ that I'm sure moths and flies have landed on to give birth to zesty babies.
This bottle/can opener feels just like the OXO Good Grips vegetable peeler.  Its black, rubberized grip has a section of "gills" that molds to your grip for better control.  When you're done, just pop it in the dishwasher.  The only drawback is that with long term use, the "gills" sometimes break off.  It took years for that to happen to mine (only one section).This is hardly an elegant device, but it works well and is perfect for everyday and outdoor use.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
I picked up a OXO Y-peeler, like the above model, except with a red inlay on whim in Krogers, about.. 5 to 6 years ago? I still have it and it works great! Tried to take good care of it.This peeler is perfect if you have Big hands, and want a functional peeler, and want to peel manually like nobodies business. Used to use a peeler, that wasn't a Y shape, but was just straight with a long U shaped point blade. My hand cramped up so bad all the time! And I'm a young guy. So I got this and have never looked back.I absolutely love this kitchen tool!Anyways, this will be a good investment when peeling potatoes or carrots. Haven't really used it on anything else.
Switching from vertical to horizontal took a little getting used to, but I love this peeler. I had a similar one when I first married but lost it in a move or something early on. I'd thought several times I'd get another, because I did like it, but didn't get around to doing that until the old wooden vertical one finally wore out. I really like it. I especially like the little scoop on the side that lets you scoop out potato eyes while you're peeling. Nice feature. Comfortable to grip, like all OXO products.
I was looking for an easier way to peel butternut squash and ran into a reference to &#34;Y&#34; peelers on another website. That led me over here to Amazon to see what was available. I was delighted to find OXO made one. OXO products are good quality plus they are easy to handle because of the size and material in the handle. With my other peeler, my fingers always seemed to be getting in the way of the strokes. I usually always nick a nail when peeling with my old peeler. The &#34;Y&#34; peeler lets you push away from yourself with a little more control. The cutting edges on this OXO peeler are sharp. I'm happy to have added this to my collection of food prep tools.
does exactly what it is supposed to do. as a child i watched my grandmother use the old fashioned peeler. she could and did peel apples do the skin came off in one long  sheet. she wasn't showing off. she just had the mastery of the tool. when i needed a peeler, i automatically went with the same old fashioned peeler. i'm not sure when i finally had the chance to use one of these &#34;european&#34; peelers. they are perfect. they do exactly what a peeler is supposed to do, peel stuff quickly and easily. with emphasis on easy.
I love this peeler! I prefer this style over the swivel because it's easier to control and I'm less apt to cut myself. The blades are sharp enough to skin some winter squash, but dull enough so that my blade-phobic friend can peel potatoes.The OXO rubber comfort grip is what distinguishes this peeler from others with similar designs. I can easily prepare enough russet and sweet potatoes, turnips, carrots, etc. for a large holiday dinner without getting a cramp and without the tool slipping from my wet hands.I've had mine for about 5 years and it's still in great condition, but having an online source for this is very convenient because in my area, most stores carry only the swivel version.
I got both this peeler and the OXO Pro Y Peeler. This is a very good peeler. It is much better than my old Zyliss peeler which I used to think is a great peeler compared to the nobrands I used before. HOWEVER, After using the OXO Pro series - this does not compare. I would therefore give it 4.5 if I could and not 5. (Or I should give the Pro Peeler a 6...) Bottom line - it's a good peeler, and does the job for the price. BUT - If you can spare the extra few bucks, the Pro is just a league of its own.
I have a million peelers. Okay, not a million, but at least 5... and they are all terrible. I was a little skeptical to get this one, because why would this one be any different. Well, my friend brought hers over to my house when we were preparing food for a friend's party. Amazing. First of all, the grip is so comfortable! Fits my hands perfectly and doesn't hurt my hand (as much) when peeling a thousand potatoes... or carrots... or cucumbers. Second, one slice and the peel is gone! No going over the same  spot seven times! I love it so much, I went out and got my own, and those other five peelers went straight to the garbage.
The handle sure is comfortable, just as you'd expect from OXO. Unfortunately this jar opener does not work all that well. Instead of gripping the jar lid with non-slip rubber, it grips it with metal teeth. These sometimes slip off rather than gripping. And when they do grip, the usually leave quite a mark in the jar lid -- sometimes even cutting through very thin lids. Often takes 2-3 tries to open a single jar.Skip this product and instead buy a jar opener that grips the jar lid with rubber or a similar non-skid, non-damaging material.
I've gone through two of these and won't purchase another.  The first one broke after using it a three or four times, but since I like Oxo products in general, I assumed it just a fluke. The second one I simply threw away. As other reviewers have pointed out, it uses tiny, metal teeth to grip the lid, which slip and could conceivably cause injury. It was worthless, so I'm back to the old technique of using hot water on the lid and banging the sides with a  spoon.  Works better than Oxo, that's for sure.
This jar opener was one of my favorite gifts from my bridal shower!  I was sick of using those rubber pads; not only did they tear easily, but also they didn't work very well.  So far, OXO's version has been a big improvement:  the little metal grips easily take hold of most lids, and with a simple twist, the lid is off cleanly and neatly.  I have found that the unit can sometimes slip, especially with a very small lid, but if you use it carefully and on a firm surface, you should have mostly success, as I have.
Bought this six years ago to use instead of the under-cabinet one that was already installed in my kitchen. The under-cabinet one was better at unscrewing a lid, but occasionally the jar would slip out of the vice and my hand would get pinched.  Well, this OXO opener proved to be a disaster in every way. Like other reviewers noted, it doesn't secure well enough to the lid, slips off the lid, and hurts your hand when it gets slammed into the jar. I'm surprised no one has sued the company for manufacturing this awkward, uncomfortable, dangerous product.
I love OXO products for the most part but this product just is not well designed.  It does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use. My husband and I have arthritis and I was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble.  The opening is way too big to accomplish that so, back it went to the supermarket.  I had hopes this OXO product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it doesn't, I am rating this only one star.
This scoop works great. I first tried the pointed ice cream scoop and  couldn't use it. I have problems with my wrists. I have used other Oxo  tools and love them, so I tried again with this scoop. It works so well it  seems to be designed with me in mind. It is easy to dip out even the  hardest ice cream now and the bail pops the ice cream out of the scoop  --clean as a whistle. You can wash it in the dishwasher too.
The metal scraper loop that expels the ice cream is unbelievably flimsy and very tenuously attached on both ends. Although it worked well as a muffin disher, it deformed and popped out the first time I tried to scoop ice cream from a batch I made that was frozen just a bit over soft serve (I would never use ANY sweeper scoop - even well-made ones like theNorpro 3-Tablespoon Stainless Steel Scoop- to dish ice cream any harder than that). Waste of money. Look elsewhere.And for dishing ice cream only, of any degree of hardness, try theZeroll Original 3-Ounce Aluminum Ice Cream Scoop.
I really didn't expect much from this scoop except a fatter grip, which I need due to a hand injury. I had no great expectations - a scoop is a scoop, right? Well, not in this case. The scoop is well balanced and light weight, and easy to grip. It produces nice, even servings of ice cream instead of clunky chunks. I can get great leverage. Somehow this tool makes scooping even the hardest ice cream easier, and I never need to run it under water to soften the ice cream.  Maybe it's the pointed but not sharp leading edge of the scoop that cuts right into the ice cream. Maybe it's the leverage you get from the thick, non-slip grip. I'm just happy it makes serving ice cream effortless.
I was so happy to finally find an ice cream scoop that doesn't break or bend awkwardly after only a few uses. This scoop is very sturdy with a big comfortable handle for those of us with big hands. I like the shape of the scoop itself, it's a little sharper and flatter and really does a nice job digging into the ice cream. Be careful though because this digging can lead to you puncturing the bottom or sides of the container. I would have given this 5 stars but after a month or so these little bumps began to form on the finish of the inside of the scoop. These bumps don't impact the function of the scoop, but they certainly don't look that great.
My son works at a ice cream shop, and when I recieved this ice cream scoop, he was glad that I got one that resembled the one that he uses at work. Until he actually used it. It looks metal, but feels like it's plastic. When I used it for the first time, I was scooping out very hard ice cream, and it felt like it was going to break. I had to turn it in circles to get anything. I think I will be going back to my old heavy metal one. At least I know it won't break in my hand.
I've come to expect solid, well-designed products from OXO, and this ice cream scoop did not disappoint me. From the comfortable black rubberized grip to the heavy stainless steel scooper, it's quality quality quality. I tried it on hard ice cream, and it does scoop it well...but don't expect to get by with no elbow grease. Hard ice cream is hard to scoop! The angled edges of this scoop are helpful in breaking the surface, and the narrowed/pointed end works great for getting into the corners of ice cream boxes.I like the black-and-stainless color, too, which works well with the rest of my kitchen. And, going by my usual "what else can I use this for" approach to anything I buy, I think this would be good as a transplanting tool or, in a pinch, even a melon baller.
OXO makes nice kitchen products that are reasonably priced and are of a high quality.  This ice cream scooper is another example of this and is a nice purchase.  The primary distinction between this and your average scooper is that this one has pointed edges.  This makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box, especially when it's hard.  It also helps with getting to ice cream out of the corners.  My only con of this scooper is that due to the shape, you won't be able to get perfect round balls of ice cream.  Of course, that is a minor issue and shouldn't be a reason to avoid buying it.
The good is the handle.  It is very comfortable to hold and to use.  The bad is that it needs to be because the scoop itself has a difficult time navigating through stiff, frozen ice cream.  I compared it head to head with a scoop from Tupperware and it just couldn't compete.  The OXO scoop was much more comfortable in my hand, but it was an effort to achieve results.  I wouldn't say it was any better than average.  The esteem I hold for the Tupperware scoop has increased a notch.Disclosure:  I have no connection to Tupperware
This is the worst ice cream scoop ever. The part of the scoop that attaches to the handle is only about 1/4 inch in diameter. It's a total scam; they made it look thicker, by making the part that holds the scoop 4 times as wide. You can't tell by looking at it, because they have cleverly disguised it with the plastic handle. I found out when the handle broke off in my hand, while trying to scoop some hard ice cream. Oxo, you should be ashamed of yourselves for making this piece of junk, which was clearly designed to deceive the consumer. I'll likely never buy an Oxo product again.
This scoop has a comfortable handle and a good shape for attacking hard ice cream straight out of the freezer. The chrome finish is attractive and seems like it would be more durable and dishwasher-safe than the ridiculous (and unnecessary) non-stick finish I have on my other Oxo scoopOXO Good Grips 26481 Nonstick Beak Ice Cream Scoop. I prefer to dip this in water before use (so it will glide through the ice cream), and to wash it by hand afterward. This isn't an all-metal scoop, like theOXO Good Grips Solid Stainless Steel Ice Cream Scoop, so I'm a little concerned about its longevity.
Good grips utensils have always been one of my favorites because of the large comfortable handles. I already had a good grips ice cream scoop, but got another one so I would always have one ready when i got an ice cream craving. I was surprised when this one arrived to see the shape of the scoop had been improved. now the end has a rather pointed tip, and this is GREAT! it makes scooping into hard ice cream a lot easier. This scoop puts all the others to shame. I it is now the first one I grab when i need to scoop ice cream. I also use it as a serving utensil if I am serving mashed potatoes or foods of similar consistency and it works great. You will like this scoop, there is not a better one around.
My old scoop was the aluminum kind with the liquid inside that you are supposed to run under hot water before using.  Problem was that it got all corroded and nasty looking over time.  This scoop works so much better, even without running it under hot water first!  The handle is much nicer because of the grippy material, and it cuts through ice cream that seems pretty rock hard to me.  i think the little points on the scoop help with serving harder ice cream.  Easy to wash and my husband even used it to scoop out the insides of our pumpkins this Halloween!
It's been a month and so far, so good, with this OXO ice cream scoop.  The edge digs in nicely into the tub of ice cream and the handle is easy to hold.  Also, the handle shows no sign of separating from the metal scoop part, so I'm happy about that, and the shiny finish on the scoop is smooth and blemish-free still.  We're washing it in the dishwasher, so I will update if there are any longevity issues with this ice cream scoop.All in all, if you need an ice cream scoop, this does the job nicely.*Update: February 2012*  It's been 8 months, still looks like new.
This scoop has a nice edge to it that lets the scoop dig down deep no matter how hard your ice cream is.The no-slip grip on the handle is easy to grasp and not nearly as thick as some I have tried.I would of given it the full 5 stars if I could make it scoop out perfect balls of ice cream but either there is a trick to it that I haven't discovered yet or my ice cream is frozen too hard.All things considered, this is a quality item that will get lots of use in most kitchens.
This is a good ice cream scoop if you're just looking for something at a reasonable price and is very comfortable.  I think those are the two biggest advantages of this utensil.  The bad thing is that it's not the most durable.  For the most durable, you'll want to look for a one piece metal scoop.  This one works best if you dip it in hot water first to heat it up and then scoop out your ice cream.  This will make the ice cream a little more easy to handle as the tool can kind of melt it's way through.  Dip it back in the hot water before each scoop.  This tip can be applied to all ice cream scoopers.
I'm a long time fan of Oxo products, but this isn't one of my favorites. Based on an earlier review, I bought this to use with cookie dough as well as ice cream. The dough sticks so badly that I need to use a rubber scraper to get it out (doesn'5t matter if the dough is room temp or cold - I've tried it both ways). Furthermore, after about 6 months of use, the handle seems to not be fitting tightly with the scoop, and feels &quot;wobbly&quot;. It's also not all that easy to get clean. The lever portion is hard to get under and closes so tightly that just tossing it into the dishwasher doesn't do the job. It's going to be replaced - just don't know if it'll be replaced with another type of Oxo scoop or another brand.  I
My favorite dish brush.  When the price took a big dip I bought several.  They will last a long time too if you don't use it on hot pans and store with bristles up or not resting on anything that flattens them.  Run through the dishwasher monthly or sooner.  The large diameter handle fits my XL hand well.  If the price is around $5 - 7 jump at $10 no way?  But if ten is nothing then go for it.  I have not found anything better.
I've had this dish washing utensil for about 5 months now and have put enough use in with it to give it a solid 5 star review.Unlike sponges or scour pads, this brush does not get old, the bristles stay intact and do not pull out like I've seen with other brushes and it is the perfect size for cleaning both dishes, pots and pans but at the same time being small enough to fit into glasses and mugs in order to clean the bottoms of them as well.Really glad I decided to go with this OXO good grips product based upon reviews which I had seen on Amazon.  I like this brush so much I wish I could give it as a gift to people (without the implications that they need to clean, as I've learned, cleaning devices do NOT make good gifts)!
I don't like the dishwasher so I usually hand wash my plates and pots. My worst problem is when the scraps of food are extremely sticky and they won't come off even with repeated scrubbing with soft sponge, and that is when I decided to get this kitchen brush.The nylon brush tips are amazing, they are gentle to your stainless pots but are strong enough to make short work of those food scraps. There are even brush tips at the bottom of the brush that allow you to point it perpendicular to the bottom surface of the pot and clean it when you need to angle it pointing straight down. Amazing brush, just like the OXO bottle brush!
I had a great little OXO brush with a suction cup that stuck to the side of the sink that finally needed replacing.  Sadly they don't seem to make that kind anymore.  So I replaced that with a longer handled brush and liked the price ($4.50 as an add on item) and the reviews.I wasn't sold on it the first use, but then I started getting more comfortable with the different style, and I like it.I would have liked the bristles a little closer together, but I figure I'll buy another round dish brush if need be.  It's great for glasses and even for scrubbing pans.  There is a soft plastic scraper tip for caked on stuff.I hand wash 75% of my dishes, so I use dish brushes a lot.  This is a good value dish brush and I am quite happy with it.  It's not worth paying $10 - $15 for a perfect brush when this is really good for a lot less.
The bristles are quite firm for a brush of this type but they're spread out.  That's ok IF you use this brush to remove food from utensils prior to placing in dishwasher.If you're trying to clean pans though, this brush won't be perfect.  In that case, consider a brush just meant for that purpose such as this one:Cuisinart Round Head Brush,  Black.I recently discovered the advantage of using both kinds of brushes depending on what I'm doing.  This way, the kitchen brush isn't ruined trying to clean pans and other hard-to-clean items.  The sacrifice is having to keep two brushes handly instead of the simplicity of just one, but I found it better this way.
This item just arrived yesterday. I am so happy that it did. I looked at the "tired" dishrag being used and quickly disposed of it. My family finds the brush easier to use and "polishes off" the dish-washing vigils with the dishcloth. Weekly bleachings of the dishcloths eventually wear the rags out. The dish brush replaces the harshness of scrubbing to remove dried or sticky foods from dishes, pots, and pans without damaging them. No more rusty or unraveling scouring pads either. Easy to clean and comfortable in the hand.This brush is sturdy and the bristles appear to be well-rooted in the base. Only time will tell! For now, I am satisfied.
I bought this item in March of 2011.Almost 2 years later, and with CONSTANT, REGULAR, FREQUENT daily use in our business office kitchen, the bristles have kept their integrity.This is wholly unlike most dish brushes which lose their shape and become annoyingly flat on the side you use the most, thereby rendering the brush USELESS.HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The only note for potential buyers is the brush I bought 2 years ago had a completely black handle, not the black/white one shown in the photo, so don't be shocked if you get something different!
I had just remodeled my kitchen and got a brand new black apron style kitchen sink. Could not bear the thought of buying another $1 brush that would tear up in two week,s like the other two dozen, in the "use for the outdoor" bin.  I thought I was splurging to by an "expensive" kitchen brush, but good grief, this thing is still in pristine condition. There has been no problem with bristle breakage, smell, mold, handle wear, etc.  I never imagined it would hold up like it has.  So definitely worth the small investment. Save yourself the aggravation of replacing a brush constantly and go with the quality. I mainly use this for prewashing dishes before they go in the dishwasher, but also can use it on pots and pans. I've not needed to buy an extra one for any other purpose. I do agree that the bristles are widely spaced, but this has not interfered with my daily use of it.
I have tossed my sponges and use Oxo good grip brushes for household cleaning jobs.  I have only had this brush a few days, but find myself using it constantly.  It is perfect for cleaning the crud out of the seals in the garbage disposal, cleaning the burners of the stove and the vent hood, and all the other cleaning jobs that require getting into crevices.  The brush can be put in the dishwasher, or easily cleaned by hand and soaked in a chlorox solution for a few minutes. This brush cuts my cleaning time in the kitchen by several minutes per task.  It is definitely a good value for the price.
I have always felt that OXO is hit and miss with quality.  I have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good.  It has a strong handle and I suspect it will last more than 6 months.  At the same time, I'll probably replace it before then for cleanliness purposes, since the head isn't replaceable.  Regardless, it's cheap and does the trick.  Good for general cleaning of dishes, etc, but not for the true elbow grease stuff.
Bought this just to get the 25 dollar free shipping, and am back for another.  This is by far the best dish and mug brush I have ever had (mind you I am not really a kitchen-y type).  Anyway, I've had it a couple months now and am impressed after using it to scrub the rings (that never come off in the dishwasher) off coffee/tea mugs, cleaning pots, etc.  Usually with other brushes the ends of the bristles get "mashed" looking fairly quickly, but this is holding up well - even after my son cleaned mud, spider webs and other debris off an old army helmet with it - (which is why I am buying another).
I purchased this brush for the sole purpose of cleaning out my cast iron pans.  The last brush I used was from the dollar store and didn't last very long.  I like that this brush has the tips that branch out at the top, making it easier to clean around the rim of the pans.  I cook everything in cast iron nowadays, and the best way to get out tough residue it to fill the pan half way with water and bring to a slow boil.  from there the brush gets all of the tough stuff out. Then I sent the pan back on the stove for a couple of minutes under heat so the condensation evaporates.  then I spray with oil and let cool so I can store it.  Overall this is a very nice brush for the price.  I think it will last loner than the last based on it's construction.
It was time for a new paring knife...  I do own quite a few.  This is the one for paring apples and most fruit. It feels like an extension of my hand when paring.  The other paring knives clean wax out of candles now.  The professional series works for me.Immediate update, I meant to post this under the 3-1/2 'professional' paring knife.  It's the same price and has a much better blade. I have owned this one and it's great for sliced a sliver of cheese out of the frig for a midnight snack.  Check out the professional one, it's only $6.99.  The 4" one is $14.99...that one I would have to think about.OXO Good Grips Professional 3-1/2-Inch Paring Knife
I suddenly had a need for more paring knives so I decided to buy four various models on Amazon to try them out.  This is by far my favorite.  They are extremely sharp and the rubberized grip is very comfortable.  When I reach into my drawer I tend to want to grab this knife over the others but have to tell myself to rotate through all of them.  I've had it for over three months now with use almost every three days and so far no sign of any type of oxidation or staining.  I wash it in a dishwasher all the time as well.
I recently received a bread maker and the crust on the whole wheat loaf is quite thick, thus my butter knives just weren't up to the task.  Therefore, I figured it's time to get a real bread knife.  I bought this OXO since I have lots of their others products that I like, and the reviews were good.  I'm happy to say, that it's as great as everyone says.The knife cuts through bread loaves smoothly and cleanly.  I've washed it by hand and in the dishwasher and have never had any issues.  It feels good in the hand and balances nicely.All in all... you can't go wrong!
I don't have a complete knife set and was tired of ruining loaves of bread with my dull chefs knife and other basic kitchen knives.  In all honesty the main reason I purchased this particular knife was that it was the cheapest.  Having good luck with other Oxo products previously purchased, I wasn't to hesitant to purchase yet another.  It has a sharp serrated blade and a comfortable handle that have easily handled all of my bakery cutting duties (bread and bagels mostly).  This knife is also nice for heavy skinned fruits, easing through pineapples and cantaloupes.  It has also stood up to the dishwasher rather well.  You will not be sad with this knife and will be happy with the outcome of every cut you make.
We got this knife after receiving a breadmaker as a gift.  A sharp bread knife is a must for cutting fresh bread without reducing it to crumbs, and this knife does just that.  It has the nice "good Grips" handle and is a good length.  It is nice and sharp and for the price, I'll probably just replace it if it gets too dull.  It is not the fanciest knife I own, but it does the intended job nicely and at a great price.  Good, basic bread knife!
Cutting bread without a bread knife is futile exercise. This bread knife works well and is very inexpensive. The blade is only about 8 inches, so it is not quite long enough to cut bread from a bread machine if the loaf is placed on its side.  I thought I had to get a longer knife, but then I figured I can stand the bread up so that it is much narrower.  That works. the knife is now long enough to cut very thin slices of bread that has about the same thickness as the Wonder sandwich bread that I used to buy in grocery stores.
We have owned a couple of bread knives.  All were serrated knives, but not all cut bread well.  The OXO (and we love that brand!) is a favorite.  The handle has a good grip... made of a harder rubber or plastic.  It is also a well balanced knife that holds comfortably in both my hand and my wife's hand.The best thing about this knife is that it cuts.  It cuts soft bread, hard bread, bagels, etc.  Like with all good bread knives, you have to let the knife do the cutting and not push down.  This one works like a champ!
I needed a good bread knife that would easily slice artisan loaves.  After reading the reviews, I purchased this one.  I like the fact that it is sharp, but I wish it was a longer length to handle wider loaves.  And I prefer a knife with more weight to it.  This one is very light weight, so at times the slices are not uniform....one side will be thinner than the other.  It's like the knife is a little hard to control.  However, it cost so little, it was worth trying.
I have recently started making all my own bread and love it.  BUT - I hated cutting it!  I could never get it even and always smushed it.  I started using an electric knife and that worked better but I hate pulling it out every time I need to slice bread.  So, after some researching, I decided I needed a &#34;bread&#34; knife.  I looked at several and decided on this one due to price.  I didn't want to spend much and then it not work.  WOW!  I have used it almost every day since it arrived.  It cuts bread perfectly - straight and doesn't smush it!  I love this knife and now I don't hate cutting bread :)
I LOVE OXO products. I think they are some of the best designed kitchen tools on the market. I started using OXO knives when I found a 6&quot; utility knife. That is a great knife. OXO makes many other great/good knives but this one is not worth the money. I was very excided to use it for the first time and when I did I noticed that the blade was flimsy, it was more like cutting with a sharp piece of sheet metal rather than using a sturdy knife. I would recommend spending a little more and getting a better knife.
I got one of these with an Oxo bagel holder, and frankly I don't use it all that often. My  kids are another matter. They tell me this is MUCH easier to make PB&amp;J sandwiches with. They use it for jelly on toast, making sandwiches, putting cream cheese or butter on a bagel, etc. If you're an adult accustomed to just grabbing the nearest table knife, I  wouldn't bother. But if  you've got kids, you  might want to consider it. The smaller size and grippy handle seems to be easier for smaller hands to handle - and  hey, they can make their own sandwiches to take to school!
I bought a sandwich knife years ago, and loved it so much that I wanted another one. I  bought one of these knives and loved it so much that this is my second one.The rubbery substance the handle is made up gives a really secure grip and makes the knife easy to handle. The edge is serrated and will cut through most things that you'd want to cut with a sandwich knife.The blade can hold a lot of jam, mayonnaise, or cream cheese, and lay down a nice thick layer of what you're spreading, but still lets you put a thinner layer if you want.It's the easiest to use sandwich knife I've ever had.
I LOVE this spreader - I bought one to try it out, despite some negative reviews.  I thought, it's only $5, I'll try it.I haven't had any of the problems that others have stated.  I don't take it apart for cleaning, and I haven't seen any rust spots.  I just throw mine in the dishwasher.After using spreaders from Pampered Chef, I much prefer the Oxo spreader, as it's much stiffer & able to scoop better.  Very useful for peanut butter, cheese spreads, cream cheese, etc.  I like it so much, I'm ordering more.
I have had this spreader for several years now.  I really like it, but you have to take REALLY good care of it, or buy a new one every year or so.  You must dry it immediately after washing, so that it won't rust (I wash mine in the dishwasher sometimes, but make sure to pull it out right away when it's done).  Also, the grip at the bottom became unglued shortly after using it.  This is possible due to me washing it in the dishwasher though.Now when I wash the spreader, I remove the handle (water will get into the handle and you don't want that), wash it by hand and dry it off.  Then I let it set a few hours more, and put the item back together again.  If this sounds like too much hassle for you, then you might look elsewhere.
This is not a kitchen essential, but I love it.  I only bought it to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promotion, and as it turns out, I use it almost everyday.  I have had it for over a year, and it still looks like new.  I rarely use the dishwasher, so I wash mine by hand.  I probably wouldn't bother putting something like this in the dishwasher anyway.I like to bake, and I use the spreader to spread butter over the dough for cinnamon rolls, spread pizza sauce over pizza dough, and I have used it a couple of times to put the frosting on cupcakes.  What a great tool for 5 bucks!
I do not understand the negative reviews.  Thanks goodness I did not pay much attention to them when I ordered, as I would have missed out on a great value with this set.The peeler is effortless and smooth as silk to use, peeler away from you normally.  Great control and the blade is sharp as can be, making a carrot easy work.  The paring knife is sharper than my brand new Victorinox 8-inch knife.  Cuts through carrots and onions easily and with the barest effort.The handles are typically Oxo:  large, comfortable, and steady.
I bought this set when I first moved into my apartment, as I've been a fan of the Good Grips products for a while now. This set is absolutely indespensible, as I use these tools almost every day.Peeler:  This is wonderful for peeling potatoes, as the easy-to-grip handle and swivel blade help you to comfortably maneuver around bumpy and slippery surfaces.Knife:  Since purchasing the set 4 months ago, my knife has stayed incredibly sharp and is able to cut through everything from crunchy carrots to smooshy tomatoes.Here's why the set didn't get the &quot;5&quot; rating: The pair should be hand washed and *not* put in the dishwasher.  The knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle. Note: This was easy to correct with a Brillo pad and a little elbow grease.However, I don't think you should let this &quot;diswasher drama&quot; sway you from purchasing this set, as the benefits *far* outweigh the limitations.
Meat Tenderizer OXO / B00004OCJJIt always feels odd to rate minor kitchen implements as 5 stars, but this OXO meat tenderizer definitely works the way it should. The spiky end pokes holes in the meat nicely and the flat end flattens out thick chicken breasts in no time flat. It's fun to use (or at least I think so!) and it doesn't require a huge amount of strength. The grip is comfortable and doesn't lend itself to flying out of your hands. It's easy to clean - meat doesn't cling to the spiky end - and while it probably isn't rated for dishwasher use, that never stops me from throwing it in anyway, and I've had no problems.~ Ana Mardoll
I love OXO utensils and have many of them.  But I looked for quite a while for a meat tenderizer and missed the review that said not to put this tenderizer in the dishwasher.  Pound raw meat; wash it in the dishwasher in hot water, right?  The tenderizer I was replacing was aluminum.  Now this one looks like old aluminum--it's gray and nasty looking. Not something I paid extra for to get stainless steel.  It's totally not up to par with the usual OXO utensils.
I saw all the warnings about this item not being dishwasher safe. I saw the sticker on the flat side of the mallet. Good to go, as I hand wash my dishes. After having used the thing and cleaned it right after I was done, one evening when I was tired I simply I tossed it in with the few dishes and utensils soaking in hot water. Big mistake. After that, this thing was ruined. It should have been obvious. Why would something not be dishwasher safe? The high temperatures, of course. I knew not to put it in the dishwasher, but I did not want chicken juice getting crusted on the thing and so I put it in with everything else to hand wash.Simple mistake. Cost me $15. Save yourself the trouble and try to find something that is stainless steel.
I am yet another fan of OXO Good Grips products.  The meat tenderizer is another good product.  It is very ergonomic, and it's heavy/solid so that you don't have to pound as hard as you would with more lightweight tenderizers.I don't like the fact that you can't put it in the dishwasher, but really, scrub it with some anti-bacterial dish soap and you're all set.  After shopping at several home product stores in search of a tenderizer, I came back to the OXO Good Grips because I found it the best, in spite of not being able to put it in the dishwasher.
My last masher (from a respected and pricey brand name) couldn't take the pressure-literally!  One day I'm just mashing up a batch of potatoes and *snap&#34; it's time for the trash bin.  That's why I bought this masher from OXO.This one is a solid, heavy-gauge steel wire that goes all the way up into the sturdy handle.  I'm not sure I could break it if I tried!  Works great at mashing (just as good as one with square or circle holes), and the large grip makes it easy to hold even if you get a little butter on your hands (trust me, I have done it).
Sturdy metal potato smasher, which gets used by us for everything but mashing potatoes.  We use this metal potato masher for breaking down ground beef, ground turkey and sausage for things like spaghetti sauces and lasagna or any other dish that requires crumbled meat.  It is a trick I learned from some show on Food Network, and once I learned this trick, it really made that step in cooking so much easier.  Also, we have tried it with plastic potato mashers and it does not work as well.  Metal potato smashes for crumbled cooked meat.  It just makes sense.
For my husbands and I's first Christmas I asked for a potato masher. He got this exact one and I can say that I've used it once a week for 10 years and its still perfect. The handle is just fine and it never rusted or anything. I love all the Oxo products, they really do last years and years. I've bought other companies products for the kitchen and they fall apart, is I specifically look for Oxo Good Grips whenever I go get a kitchen gadget because I know it will last for years. One tip, after you mash the potatoes rinse off the potato from the masher because once that potato dries it takes alot of work to remove.
This is a great, old-fashioned style of potato masher, which produces the type of mashed potatoes I remember from my childhood. What it has, though, that ones from many years ago did not is the OXO ergonometric design, with a comfortable handle. It also contains a hole at the top of the handle for hanging on a rack.This is excellent not only for potatoes, but for apples, carrots, various kinds of squash, turnips and other soft-cooked fruits and vegetables.The masher is made of durable stainless steel that helps you avoid rust.
I purchased Several OXO Good Grips including a Lemon/Lime Reamer, Cheese Plane, Wire Potato Masher and Box Grader.  They were all reasonably priced and are made of good quality material.  The potato masher is the best that I have ever used and I use it for everything.  I like to mix bell pepper and onions in ground beef instead of using a large spoon.  Add a can of black olives in the mix and mash them up also.  I would recommend this brand.  The handle has a nice grip and is nice and soft.  I considered this brand because I have the wire whisks and other products by OXO.
I made the pefect lumpy potatoes with this.  Sounds odd, but that's what I wanted.  I have a ricer, but I wanted the mashed potatoes from my childhood.  I went out and bought this specifically for the task.  I have no regrets or complaints.  The handle felt fine, better than what my mother used to have.  I remember hers having more mashing surface, but that may be because I was young.  This one seems compact, so it works fine for a small amount of potatoes in a smaller bowl (perfect for me.)If you want ultra smooth, this isn't the product for you.  Get the Oxo ricer.
So far I have to say that this is the best masher I've ever had, and at 65, I have had or used any number of them.  The &#34;wire&#34; portion is solid, sturdy and will never bend.  The handle is long, has an adequate circumference and is padded, making it easy to grip and at the same time, comfortable.  To top it all off, the end of the handle has extra padding on it so when you bear down it doesn't feel uncomfortable.  Great product and worth the price!
Bought this to replace a similar one I'd had for many many years.  I really liked the old one, but had repaired the handle many times & it was now beyond repair.  Wish I'd bought this one sooner!  The soft grip is wonderful, & the ridges on the working surface make it glide thru the cheese much easier; no more bogging down, no more  bunched up cheese slices.  Just a nice, wafer thin piece of cheese that does not stick to the plane when you try to take it off.
My husband doesn't mind this, but I hate it and won't use it.  I will grab the pairing knife if our traditional stringed cheese cutter is dirty, before grabbing this.  It is too flimsy in my opinion (surprising really for Oxo), to do its job, and it very difficult to get to the end of your cut without removing a whole CHUNK of cheese from the end.  I guess the other reviewers are right - you are either one who loves cheese planes, or you don't :(.
The slicer is slightly smaller than a large cheese brick so you can't use it unless you slice some off the side first... but when you do use it- it slices a perfect wedge about the right size for a sandwich.Only problem, is, the more slices you need, the harder the plane is to slice through the cheese because it really starts to stick to the cheese, and does so more and more after each slice.I love OXO normally, so, I also got the wire cheese slicer.  It works much better than the cheese plane does.
Heavy, smooth action, sharp.  My husband makes an ultra-deep-dish "priazzo" about 2 inches deep, and this cuts right through - extra pepperoni, extra veggies, extra cheese, extra thick crust, it can handle it all!  Plus, it feels good in your hand.  Nice piece of equipment.Update 7/3/12: I suddenly realized a couple of weeks ago that this wheel wasn't working as well as it used to, so I decided to sharpen it for the first time. It was a little tricky to run through my Chef's Mate, but it's working a little better now. I'm thinking I'll need to replace it in a year or so. Still, it was used about once a week for about 4.5 years; if I get another year out of it, that's not too shabby!
OXO makes great products at a great price.  It is that simple.  I am sure there are better products out there at four or six times the price, but OXO makes the best stuff at the best price - it is that simple.This pizza wheel is excellent.  I have read other reviews where people moan about how large it is.  These people are idiots.  First of all, it says before you buy it how large it is, so these people are either too stupid to read or too lazy to read.Second of all, one of the reasons why I bought this is because it is large, and the weight makes it easier to cut through pizza.Some people who reviewed this said it was not sharp when they got this.  I admit this might be a pain to sharpen if it was dull, but mine is sharp so no problems there.A great product.
I don't know what I expected but this pizza wheel is large! But it is also the best we've owned in the past 25 years. It rolls easily and with the sharpness of the wheels blade it'll cut through just about any kind of pizza you want it to.The grip (like on all of the OXO Good Grip items) is excellent, and it is made to last. High quality construction, great blade, and grate grip, and great price. What else can I say.I would recommend it to anyone.
I have arthritis so things like this are usually difficult.  This has great grip, great balance (it looks like it should be off but it's not).  Super cutting edge - one pass cuts even thin crispy crusts - which my old cutter took several passes to accomplish.  It's heavy but really well balanced so I think that combination might be what helps it to cut so well.Would buy it again & highly recommend it.Note - it is big - think they said 4".  Most pizza wheels that I've seen are much smaller.  I had to find a new storage space for it but totally worth it.
I finally broke down and got one of these after getting fed up at dragging my knuckles through the pizza with my old, small wheel cutter. Boy am I glad I did! This cutter works sooo much better. I don't know if it's sharper, or if it's because it has more heft, but it cuts right through those pizza crusts, like a charm.  I have also used it to cut pastry and dough and it works really well at that, too. Finally, it cleans up quickly easily. Definitely a great gadget every kitchen should have.
This pizza wheel is so much bigger and nicer than the little $2 pizza cutter I had that I uploaded a picture for comparison.  First of all, it's huge and makes quick work of even your deepest deep dish pizza.  You hardly have to apply any force at all.  It has a very nice weight and quality feel to it.  I hand wash and dry this so that it will last a really long time.I have been adding Oxo kitchen tools to my arsenal over time, and it has become one of my favorite brands along with KitchenAid, Cuisinart, Calphalon, etc.If you are willing to pay $12 for a pizza cutter you won't be disappointed with this one.  It may be the last one you buy.
Our beloved pizza cutter finally broke after ten years of happily wedded bliss, and so I took to Amazon to find the most highly-reviewed replacement.  I landed on this one!  And then it came in the mail.  Great quality, expect it will last five times longer than our first (somewhat cheap) one did.  BUT.  This thing is giant!  Do you know how big four inches is?  I may just be really dumb but I've never seen a pizza cutter this big for home use.  It looks like something you'd use in home defense.  Who needs a pot when you've got a gigantic sharp round blade to swing? Seriously, I didn't know I'd have to lock it away from the children, but I really don't think it's safe to leave in reach of even our oldest.  It works great, though.  I guess it's for serious pizza eaters.
when given the choice, i always buy oxo. it's the most comfortable for my hands. this pizza wheel is great, sharp, and cuts clean. and i found it for a steal at ross dress for less at $3.99!!!!!! would i buy it at amazon for the inflated price? uh, no. even if i didn't find it at $3.99, i would have bought it at bed, bath, and beyond for cheaper with their 20% off coupons. amazon, if you want to stay competitive, price your items lower!
A pizza cutter isn't something you think about all that often until you need one. Well, I did. Not only does Pizza Hut never cut my pizzas all the way through, but frozen ones don't come with any slice cuts at all. So you gotta have one of these. My old one must have been about as sharp as a spoon because it took many, many rolls across the pizza surface to make a cut. Missed a lot and created too many super narrow slices. This little guy does it perfectly in one pass, so I'm a fool for having waited so long to buy one.
This is my second pizza cutter in my entire life. It is everything I thought it would be and more. I love the grippy handle and the huge wheel. I use it on my home made pizza. Yes, I make the dough from scratch along with everything else. It cuts my dough to perfectlion. I don't buy pizza from the store or from chains, so I don't know how it would work on other pizzas. I think that if it was used on store-bought pizza it might be comparable to cutting through a cardboard box. That is not what this item is designed to do. Use a box cutter for that. Overall it is highly recommended by me. Keep in mind that I also make whole wheat dough and like it extra crispy. It does beautiful job.
The OXO "Good Grips" Lemon Zester has a very good grip indeed.  It has a fat handle that gives your hand good leverage when using the single tooth to get long fat strips of lemon zest.  Flip the zester over and there is a narrow row of 5 or 6 small round holes that (with some pressure) create nice thin short strips of lemon zest.  This tool would also work with unripe papaya to shave into pickled preserves or other papaya recipes.  It's not the fastest zester, but it's a lot simpler to clean after using, compared to any larger screen-type grater.
This must be the worst product I've ever purchased that sports the OXO label. And I've got a lot of the stuff, and have been generally satisfied with it. I needed a channel knife, wanted one where you could draw it sideways like a paring knife (instead of pulling it long-ways towards you--look at other channel knives, you'll know what I mean). This gadget cuts the raggediest, least-attractive lemon twists ever, and it's hard to pull through the rind as well. So I thought OK, it's still a good zester. And.....No-it's-not. Get a microplane, or maybe a different zester, but this one is a turd. Finally, the handle is not "comfortable," it's too hard and too big for my (fairly small but not outrageously so) hand. The whole tool is poorly designed and clumsy.
I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 for any of you who care). I have only about 1/3 use of my hands and about 1/2 use of my arms, but I can use this zester--not with great ease, but I can use it!  I cannot use any other  zester I have tried.My mother has mild arthritis and she likes my Oxo  tools better than her own (even the ones she's grown to love over the  years).The zesting blades are sharp and at the perfect angle.  You get  perfect zest with little effort.  And you get NO pith (bitter white  part).As with almost all Oxo tools the design is excellent: it is highly  ergonomic--it fits the hand and works the way it should.
Most kitchens probably do not have a lemon zester as a routine item, but the OXO zester is a must for both casual and professional cooks. The problem with most zesters is they aren't sharp enough to properly zest only  the lemon peel but instead give you white pith along with the zest. But the  OXO only gives you the best of the lemon as it stainless steel blade cuts  sharply and cleanly. Another excellent feature is a built in garnishing  tool that allows you to cut designs into citrus fruit thus giving you two  kitchen gadgets for the price of one. The zester is quite durable and goes  through the dishwasher quite well too. This tool is also extremely safe for  even the youngest of hands as its slip proof construction allows you to  grip it easily without fear of slipping and hurting oneself. So add some  zest the OXO way!
I don't know if other zesters would be better, as I have not used any prior to purchasing this one.If this is going to be your first zester, I recommend this one. This is my first and I appreciate the price and quality. It makes the job very easy and the size of the zest depends on how big your strokes are. You can make them pretty small too.Other reviews make a good point emphasizing that it does miss some spots. I feel like it's a very minor thing though and many zester will miss pieces too, but don't get this product if you are aiming to get 100% of the zest. It's not a big deal for me personally though as I feel like it misses less than 10% so I can always get another fruit out.MAIN POINTS: Easy to use, easy to clean, great zest of varied size, but does miss some zest. Overall, a great product.
Before purchasing this nifty little zester, I would always leave the zest out of any recipe that called for it.  Whenever I tried to use a grater, the colored zest would stick inside the holes.  If I kept on grating until the zest came out the other side, then I'd also get bits of bitter pith that would ruin the taste and the recipe.This tool makes perfect zest that includes only the flavorful colored part of the citrus peel.  You run it lightly over the surface of the peel, and it makes ultra-thin strips of colored zest.  The tool is easy to control, and a snap to use.  I use mine to make non-bitter-tasting orange, lemon, and lime zests for homemade sorbets, ices, and ice creams.
Every chef says the best mashed potatoes are made with a ricer so I treated myself to this one.  I found the handles a little uncomfortable...silicone or rubber on them might help.  Pressing the potato through isn't as easy as chefs make it look but I found if I put the bowl in the sink and then leaned the lower handle on the sink and pressed down, it was much easier and kind of fun.The potatoes came through very fluffy but really once you add the milk and butter, they become creamy so I don't know about this "fluffy mashed potatoes" I keep reading about.  But using the ricer is much more consistent than mashing...not a chance of lumps so they're very very smooth.  I'd definitely recommend this product.
I had my doubts about this item because it felt a little flimsy when I removed it from the box. It's lightweight and the handles seemed a little small. However, it worked flawlessly and made super-smooth mashed potatoes. It's very easy to press the potatoes through the holes.The only downside is that it takes a little time because you can't fit a whole potato in the ricer, you need to cut the potato into workable chunks, and it's a little bit messy. But the consistent smoothness is well worth it. I liked this much, much better than a standard masher.A couple of tips: make sure you use soft enough potatoes (I used russets) and place the potato so that the peel faces the top, not the holes. You also must remove the peel each time you press (that's where the messy part comes in.)Recommended!
When I used the ricer, I was very disappointed with the way the potatoes turned out.  They were heavy and stiff (almost like you could remold them into whole potatoes) - the only good thing I can say is that there weren't any lumps.  My family was disappointed as well.  They were looking forward to the light, creamy and fluffy potatoes that I've been making for years.I've been trying to find other uses for the ricer, but haven't had any luck yet.On the plus side, it is sturdily made, and it cleans easily.It requires a little more effort than I had expected to compress the handles.  If you have any problems with your hands, this is definitely not for you.Overall, it's a big disappointment and I wouldn't recommend it.
I honestly only use this ricer on potatoes, and only after my "food mill" has done all the work, yet has left me with a few hard scraps that won't pass through the blade.  I place the scraps into the ricer and voila, no wasted potatoes.I was watching Chef Michael Chiarello on the Food Network and this is the exact model he uses on his mashed potatoes. It's construction is solid and smooth.I myself do not make spaetzle, so I cannot comment on its uses for making that dish; however, for making potatoes, when combined with the food mill, it serves a purpose for me. If I could only afford one tool for mashed potatoes, I'd opt for the "food mill".
This tool is a must-have for preparing mashed potatoes. It takes all of the effort and lumps out of making perfect mashed potatoes.A little bit of potatoes can squeeze out from the top of the lid as you push it down (which is why I only gave 4 stars) but since the gap is so narrow, what squeezes out is also "mashed" so it can be thrown in with the rest of the potatoes.My girlfriend complained that it is a little hard to squeeze when packed to the rim with potatoes, but this can be controlled by putting less potatoes in it each time.Overall an excellent product. Very easy to clean.
My only gripe with this ricer is that some of the potato squishes out over the lid when pressing down on the contents.  I don't think it matters how much or little is in the canister, it's just the way it works.  Other than that, the handles are easy to use and give you great leverage when ricing, even if the potatoes are a little firm.  If you've never used a ricer before, go ahead and get this -- you'll get much fluffier mashed potatoes than by using a masher.
If you want the best, smoothest, creamiest and fluffiest mash potatoes you have to buy a potato ricer.  This one is perfect for home cooking.  The ricer is simple yet well made, strong and reliable and produces evenly riced potatoes every time.  The handle is ergonomically designed so you can repeat the same operation over and over without strain.  I fit about two cooked potatoes into the ricer cup with no problem.  I primarily purchased the ricer for making mash potatoes but I'm sure I will use it with vegetables too - mashed root vegetables are a delicious and healthier change from potatoes.  I'm very glad that I finally purchased this ricer, I was tired of using a hand masher and whipping with a electric hand-held mixer and not getting the results that I wanted even after all the work.  If you love mash potatoes then a ricer is the way to go.
I find it hard to imagine how I've done without a potato ricer all my life!  The Oxo potato ricer is a great size for one to two people (though it would also work well for a larger crowd on special occasions, it would just take a little longer) and is well constructed. I found six medium potatoes made a nice bowl of mashed potatoes for two. I didn't mind not having the interchangeable disks, the size of the holes on this ricer were just the perfect size to make nice, fluffy Yukon Gold potatoes. I even threw two cloves of garlic into the pot with the potatoes, then riced them along with the potatoes for a very tasty bowl of garlic potatoes. I'm seriously impressed with the Oxo potato ricer and highly recommend it!
Great little kitchen gadget. Simple, well made and should last a lifetime when used properly. My wife is really happy with the contraption, it makes it a lot quicker when making cakes, pies etc to rice the fruits than cutting, squashing, smashing etc just insert and out it comes all uniformly so that it can be easily folded into your mixes.Originally was purchased because she wanted to make her own hash-browns... Been over two weeks... Still waiting on them.I have learned that whenever the wife wants a kitchen gadget to always search Amazon first. The heck with going to stores, calling around or asking. IF you can't find it here, you probably cannot find it in a store. It is usually MUCH cheaper to order online than driving around searching or waiting for hours for someone that has no clue what the item is or IF they even have it.
It's a ricer, there isn't a lot of magic going on here to report on.  It's basically a large garlic press that you can use to make smooth mashed potatoes, assuming you don't know what a ricer is.The quality of construction is good, the ease of use is good, and the price is good.  I wish there was more to talk about, but the device is just too simple to get really in depth.One down side would be the ricer could be a tad bigger so you can rice more potato at a time, but its not bad.I would buy this again.
Because my daughter is a HUGE fan of mashed potatoes I finally broke down and got a ricer for perfect potatoes every time.  I LOVE this item.1)I boil my potatoes with the skins on until they are very tender.2)I rice them one at a time WITHOUT removing the skins. The flesh drops into the bowl of butter and cream below while the skins stay behind in the ricer (and typically stick to the plunger, so I simply nudge them off into the garbage between potatoes.)3)I toss the ricer in the open position into my dishwasher and forget it!4)I give the potatoes a quick stir and voila!  Rich, creamy, smooth mashed potatoes with no peeling, dicing, or beating with a cumbersome electric mixer.Maybe ALL ricers perform this well, but honestly, this item is the best.  I am so happy with this purchase.
I like this item.  It's sturdy and you can rice the potatoes without peeling them. The only thing I think could be improved on is if it had holes along the side as well.  When you rice the potatoes it does have a tendency to push mashed potato over the top of the ricer. If it could go out the side as you rice them, it wouldn't do that. And to be perfectly honest, it really didn't make much of a difference in mashing the potatoes. They were pretty much the same as they were when I didn't rice them. So, if you hate peeling potatoes, you can use this prior to mashing and you don't have to peel them. However, because some of the potato gets pushed up over the top during the ricing, you can get a few pieces of peel in your potatoes that way.
OXO designs great products and this is no exception.  It does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top.  I just don't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it's meant to do with ease.  I liked it so much, I bought one for my aunt.Before this, I made mashed potatoes with a masher; the difference is unbelievable.  I kept my masher because I'm a Southern girl and sometimes I want lumpy mashed potatoes.This is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher.
I first bought this to squeeze out the juice from potatoes when making hash browns but its first use was actually making mashed potatoes.  For that purpose it works great, mashed potatoes are very fluffy using this and it is very easy to use.  My kids love watching me make it and like using it themselves.  The plate that mashes down on the potatoes is not a very tight seal so you will have some small amount of potatoes that squeeze through the top part, but it's OK, I just throw those in with the mashed potatoes as well because they come out mashed.  It is pretty easy to clean as well, I just use a strong stream of water into the &#34;cup&#34; and then the other way from outside through the small holes.  Then I do a quick wash with dishwashing detergent.  Definitely glad I bought this!
I have heard for quite some time how wonderful Potato Ricers are. They process the Potato in one squeeze, and prevent over mixing and creating glue when using a stand mixer. I decided to see for myself if I preferred riced potatoes. The first time I used the OXO Ricer, the Potatoes came out creamy and delicious. The texture was different than whipped Potatoes, and the flavor was more &#34;natural&#34;. I didn't need to stir in as much butter or cream as I usually would when I used the stand mixer. I now use the Ricer every time I make Mashed Potatoes, and really enjoy this new method. The OXO Ricer is easy to use, easy to clean, and the padded grips prevent hand cramping if you are processing a larger batch. - Highly recommended.
Prior to recently I did not have much experience with potato ricers but when reading about different gnocchi techniques they were regularly mentioned as providing smooth and even potatoes and other vegetables of the like.  I was a bit hesitant to purchase something that seemingly accomplished one task...mashing, which is something I have been able to do with a masher or a mixer.  Regardless I took the plunge and I must say it has been a worthwhile purchase.This ricer produces consistently smooth potatoes.  I have also used it with sweet potatoes, acorn squash, squeezing liquid from spinach and grated jalapeno and to juice lemons.  It has done all of these effortlessly and consistently.I find myself using it at least once a week while preparing dinner, often times just to make mashed potatoes for one.  It allows me to make what was once a relatively involved side dish in under two minutes of active kitchen work.I plan on gifting a few of these in the coming months.
I was helping my niece set up her new home and we were trying to buy a lot of things for not that much money.  I think it's so important to have good knives - but when I went looking - the really good ones were SO much money.  I decided to try this pair because of the name - OXO - I have loved every one of the products I have purchased from them - and the price.  Well, I was so impressed, I had to buy a set for myself as well.  These are the knives I reach for everyday.  My expensive set of knives are on my counter, but the convenience, comfortable feel and the good job that the OXO knives do - they are the ones I use most often.  At this price, I can't imagine any home without them!
A very nice set - the only complaint I would have would be not so much a complaint but an observation that the cracker is seemingly designed for larger shells.  It is not as effective for smaller pieces unless you place them and attempt to hold them in place right in the middle of the unit where the two pads come together and actually make contact.  It is very heavy duty and comfortable though and does just fine.  The only modification I'd recommend to OXO would be to design the cracker to come closer together at the hinged end.  I'd still get it again though if anything happened to it.
We have two and have given 2-3 as gifts. Everyone loves them. They are solid and sturdy. Just the right weight. So far, no rusting or chipping. They feel good and are easy to use.The crackers work much better than the ones we've had for 30 years (and which probably cost 99 cents at the time). There is no wobble in the hinge and the large middle cracking area is perfect for just cracking crab and lobster legs without crushing them.The picks are well made. The forked design works much better than the curved single-tine picks and the spoon scoop end easily finishes the job.This set is expensive. Many sets are available for half or less. That's the reason for only 4 stars. I have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets, so maybe these are really worth the extra. I'm glad we have them.
I have used a P38 for over 40 years; I find it to be light weight and ready to use at a moment's notice.However the Oxo good grips will hold the can in place while opening the lid. Not being on the chain, you can also open it with your arms extended; this comes in handy when you are opening cat food.  This also does not require you to be so dexterous.  Your finger does not become calloused.  And it does not get lost in the dishwasher.Just be sure while the cat is sniffing the can, that you don't grind his whiskers.GI - P- 38 - Can Opener
We got rid of the automatic can opener because we wanted one that could easily be cleaned after each use.  We do not put the Oxo Good Grips into the dishwasher, but we do rinse it after each use.  After a few years use, even tho the blade itself has no rust, the recessed screw area and portions of the handle has rusted badly.  You'd think that it would not be that costly to use stainless screws, washer, and nuts, and it would certainly improve the quality greatly.  It works easily and smoothly enough, even though it is a little bulky for smaller hands and in the drawer.  We thought that by purchasing one of the more expensive brands, it would not rust, so that part is disappointing.
When I was a kid, my parents went through more electric can openers than I care to count; high complexity, dubious reliability.  The run-of-the-mill manual openers weren't much better; they would usually slip, failing to turn the can and open it.Enter the GoodGrips can opener - I picked one of these up over a year ago, and it's functioned perfectly ever since.  The all-stainless construction means no fear of dishwashers, though you'll want to keep metal utensils from banging into the blade.  The rubber handles are very comfortable, and the big fat plastic crank handle handily rotates the can with no contortions whatsoever.  Simple and inexpensive but effective - I've been very satisfied with this product.In fact, it was so good I gave one to my mother, and she hasn't complained about it a bit!
I bought 3 of the Oxo Good Grips can openers.  We kept two and gave my son one.  The first one died within a month when the black plastic tip broke.  We used the second one and again the black tip broke leaving it useless.  When I warned my son about the black plastic tip he told me that a chip broke in his but it still works.We are now using a cheap $1.99 pair we bought from Walmart. At least it opens a can, that is more than I can say about Oxo.OXO Good Grips Can Opener
I have owned this can opener for 3 years now and I am still mostly happy with it. It features comfortable rubber grip handles and an ergonomicle hand crank (my favorite part). Due to the design, I notice less stress and strain on my hands and wrists using this product than I had with cheaper models. I have not noticed any rusting or other problems as far as functionality is concerned. The rubber handles have loosened a bit and slide down occassionally, but this has not been problematic as of yet. All and all it has been a good product and if I ever needed a new one, I would be willing to buy this same model again.
OXO Soft-Handled Can Opener, Item # 28081. This is a hard-to-clean kitchen tool. Not all the metal parts are stainless so they get pitted and retain food particles. Also, the soft handles are not sealed onto the body of the can opener, so dishwater accumulates in them, and therefore so do rotting food particles, mold... you get the point. It is possible to pull off the handles and wash all the surfaces, but what a pain! And then, the handles wear and loosen so they start to slide when opening cans. After three months, I replaced the Oxo Good Grips Can Opener with aZyliss Lock-n-Lift Can Openerwhich, after six months, still works very well.
I have a philosophy that will not allow me to buy crummy tools. Tools for anything.... if they do not work or do not last, they are worthless. That's why I paid 14 bucks for a hand-operated can opener. Being an engineer I looked at the design and was impressed by the symmetrical (rather than cantilevered) hinge. I reasoned that this would make the opener sturdy and allow it to work as intended for a long time. IT DID NOT. This overpriced piece of trash DOES NOT open cans. There may be other uses for it but opening cans is not one of them. That's why I'm on Amazon today. I am throwing this junk out and buying 6 of the 2 dollar can openers. That should last me my lifetime and leave 1 or 2 to bequeath to my survivors. Yes it is making me depart from my lifelong philosophy (and that makes me mad) but it is in self-defense. I am hungry and I CAN NOT OPEN ANY CANS.
I've had them all!  Wood, Plastic and Aluminum and I prefer the Aluminum type.Even though the wood works a little bit better, it's harder to clean and after a while it starts to look gunky and unhealthy.  Hard to wash the wood after it's been used a while and the wood is no longer smooth.  No matter how hard you wash, it still feels slimy and that's what bothers me.You may have to work a bit harder with the plastic or aluminum but when you wash them, they're clean and they feel clean.
The Good:  These tongs are cheap and adequate.  I needed a long pair of tongs with metal ends to work in the grill and hot pans and this this did the trick.  They open and close with ease, just like the smaller versions you can buy.  Additionally, arms of the tongs are well made.The Bad:  The ends of these tongs are very thin and mine came twisted a slight bit.  It all gave the impression of being slightly cheaply made, but for $15 you get what you pay for.
...the spring rusts. I own both the 12' (for normal indoor cooking) and the 16" (for grilling). I have used both countless times. They grip food well and you feel as though you have a firm hold of the hood too. In all the times I have used them, I have discovered two main flaws. The first flaw is the flexibility (bend-ibility)of the "hands", the part of the tongs that actually touches the food. If you grasp the food too tight, they bend. This means the they will not close tight without bending them back into shape. The second is the metal used in the spring. This metal is prone to rust and when it rusts the tongs no longer have their normal spring and often get stuck. My advice would be to spend a little more money and get a hight quality.
Searched high and low for the perfect tongs for non-stick surfaces that didn't cost a fortune and of course found the OXO brand to perfectly fit the bill (as usual).  These are not too long, perfect for kitchen use.  Their tips are not the annoying soft silicone type like so many out there but instead a harder tip that is angled and pointed so you can use then for a number of surfaces or into pots of boiling things.  I really love the feel of these in my smallish hands and that they lock is an added bonus so they don't take up tons of room in your drawer.  Perfect!
I bought the 12&#34; size 6 years ago and they are still serving me well. I just bought the 16&#34; & 9&#34; sizes for almost $30 and if they are as good as the older 12&#34; ones, I'm OK with spending that coin. They are easy to clean, do not rust, and the locking mechanism is super nice! Cheap tongs with that cheesy metal slide annoy me to no end as they enviably slide down and lock the tongs when I need to pick something up. Spontaneous locking is not a problem with these.
I have had these for a couple years, and I think I use them almost every day. The locking feature is really handy, and easy to activate or deactivate--even with messy kitchen hands. The rubber is comfortable and gives you a sturdy, cool grip.I have one minor complaint, the tongs don't work well with delicate things. For example, with chicken parmesan, the breading rips right off. Now, we'll eat anything, so it isn't a big deal to us. I did notice that OXO makes a set of tongs that have rubber on the ends which may protect delicate foods.
Another use for tongs is to remove the giblets pack from a partially roasted frozen turkey.Turkeys set out to thaw in fridge or on counter can leave very dangerous contamination which can be deadly. Google about the problem and warnings from government agencies.The solution is to keep bird frozen and then put directly into oven. After reaching a certain temp you are then able to remove the giblet package with tongs, using a fork can break the bag. If not removed the bag will later break at higher temperatures. The giblet bag is a part more likely contaminated, and emptying the sealed bag in boiling water to cook is the cure if you like giblets. Locking tongs help make removal an easy task.Non locking tongs can be temporarily made to lock with rubber band around the handle grip.
Thought I was nuts to pay such a price for tongs, but after using them it wasn't nutty at all.  The over-all quality is outstanding, the "look and feel" is great, and this item does its job really well.  The locking feature is a great idea.  A pleasure to own and use.A very minor complaint: the movement of the locking tab is rough.Added Dec 25: I have since bought the 8" and ditto the above; this is really a convenient size.  This one has a nylon locking tab which is smooth.
I received these tongs in addition to my Kitchenaid ones and I just love them!  They're long enough to reach into large pots without scalding your wrists, hands, etc., and I should know - I'm the queen of burning myself!  They grab everything with ease and I particulraly like the rubber grips.  The Kitchenaid ones don't have that and have a tendency to get hot.  These don't so they get tons more use.  Besides, they're great to grab things from high shelves too!  And, for ornery little boys to run around the house, beating whatever he wants with them, grabbing the cat's tail, etc., and they still look new.  Can't beat that!
These are some heavy duty tongs.  I used to have short, wire tongs that I would always get my hands burned with when making a steak or felafel on the stove.  Now I use these all the time along with a splatter screen and have no more issues with oil getting all over the place, including my hands.  I haven't used these on a grill outside yet, but I'm sure these would be perfect for that.  I love how they lock, as well.  Push in the tag to release, pull out to lock, which is great for storage and for the dishwasher.  Overall, very happy with the 16'' length vs the 9'' and 12''.
These are for my Son in law who is more than I could have wished for my daughter and grand children. As a tip, here is how I use the locking OXO Tongs I have many sizes. you lock them down then use them while they are locked you can turn chicken, hot dogs, steak ,and almost anything else without unlocking them thus you do not have to fight with the spring from completely open until just enough to pick up a hotdog. Use the locking tongs while they are locked it is much easier.
I wasn't much of a user of tongs, I just used an old pair of Ecko's when I needed to get corn or a lobster out of a hot pot of water, or turn over chicken on the grill.  But these are the tongs that are changing that pattern.  They're great for almost anything.  Theey feel good in your hand, have a good grip, are easy to clean (dishwasher safe too), and they have a neat little tab you pull out to hold them in the closed and locked position so they don't monopolize your utensil drawer.  The 9 inch tongs are long enough that you don't easily get burnt using them on the grill, and they're small enough to leave in a salad bowl for serving.  And they look nice enough that you can use them at the table and not be embarrassed.
I bought all three sizes of the Oxo Good Grips Tongs. These tongs are INDESTRUCTIBLE!!  Between my husband, two sons, and myself cooking in the kitchen through out the day and night, if these were any other brand, they would have never lasted. I've had all three of my OXO Tongs for years now and have never needed replacing! WELL WORTH the $. These tongs are very, very reasonably priced. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!  These are one of those things I can't live without. I use them all the time for all kinds of cooking and baking.
I own a 9&#34; and 12&#34; pair of these. After a few years of use, the 9&#34; feels like an extension of my hand. I can do damn near anything with it, and I use them pretty much every time I'm in the kitchen. I decided to order a second pair in a larger size, because A) mine are always dirty / in use, B) 9&#34; is fairly short when you're reaching into hot places.I wish the grips on the 12&#34; inch were about half inch longer, as I think that would make them a bit more comfortable. Other than that, the springy-ness is spot-on, the tongs bite down exactly like you'd want them to, the handle hasn't gotten loose as other pairs of tongs I've had have done, and they lock up securely when you go to store or transport them.
Tongs are the MOST useful tool in my kitchen.  I use them to: stir fry, turn hot foods on the grill, hold meat while I slice it, etc. etc.The rubber handles put these tongs over the top.  Get 'em greasy, get 'em wet,  doesn't matter, they won't slip. Another bonus - where other tongs get too  hot these are fine because the rubber stays cool.  You can safely use these  to fish things out from a pot of boiling water!  Try that with a pair of  all metal tongs... ouch!I also like the ability to lock them in the  closed position.  You will not regret buying these tongs.
my wife and i have bought at least four sets of tongs including two that appeared to have good gripping ability. none of them were worthy of taking up storage space! we were just about to give it up when i saw the oxy good grip tongs on amazon. i read all the reviews, went for it,and bought it. the reviews were right on target. what a great pair of tongs! steaks, chicken quarters, even a slab of ribs were no problem. please take my word for it,in the world of tongs they have no equal!
I used to have a 16"-reach set of tongs that I used a lot on the grill. Unfortunatly, it rusted out and had to be replaced. I started using my regular short (10-12") tongs on the grill and kept burning my hand reaching for things towards the back. After shopping the local stores for a replacement, I gave up and ordered this one from Amazon. It works well as designed, and I especially like the locking mechanism. My old tongs had that stupid wire ring that was supposed to lock into the notches cut into the handle, but it kept falling out. You BBQ guys know what I'm talking about. Anyway, this locking mechanism is a lot better - it's more "push/pull" and works great. I like this item a lot - now my hands won't get burnt when turning Buffalo Wings on the grill.
I saw tv celebs using tongs and decided to try them. They had not been part of my kitchen toolkit. Well, how did I get along without them. I was not sure what length to purchase. The 12&#34; is perfect. Nice and long. Keeps y our hands away from the heat. The locking function is a must. Makes the easier to store and hold in position. The grip is precise and I am not concerned about the mettle tips ruining anything. I find that I use it in new ways, sometime like a spatulas to turn thing, or to grab something. Nice for reaching in the over to adjust foods. Good purchase.
If you wanna grill and cook like a pro, you need to shell out $15 for these tongs! They are great! Now if i could locate i restaurant supply store that generic 16" tongs for cheap i would probably buy a few of those instead, but these tongs are worth it! i have manhandled lots of baby back ribs and 5lb roasts with these bad boys no problem! i would have preferred a simpler locking mechanism, i mean if it ain't broke dont fix it, but the locking mechanism on these has helf up so far.
I lost one of my two sets of nylon tipped locking tongs during a recent move and decided to try the steel-tipped tongs so that I could use them on the grill (I've used the nylon-tipped ones on the grill but I'm always worried about melting them). The tongs have long been one of my go-to kitchen items, especially for sauteing/pan frying various foods and for tossing pasta. The locking feature is wonderful for storage, and the little loop at the top is large enough that I can hang the tongs from the hooks on my kitchen workstation.
These Oxo Good Grips tongs are perfect for the kitchen.It is long enough and big enough to be useful for cooking in large quantities yet maneuverable enough for day to day use.The rubber handles are comfortable and make the tongs easy to hold.  The locking mechanism is simple and easy to use.  The tongs are also sturdy yet light.  One other good thing about these is that the rubber grips make them useful even when wet or for hot food.Pros:- Sturdy- Lightweight- Comfortable to hold- Good locking mechanism- Good size- Rubber grips insulate against hot foodOverall:- This pair of tongs are great for everyday use and designed with the user in mind.
I had a smallish pair of tongs for turning eggplant and cutlets while sauteeing. Tired of burnt fingers, I invested in the locking OXO tongs. Good move. The lock allows you to put the tongs in a drawer, and you just pull the ring at the top to unlock and get the full spread of the tongs.The longer handle, insulated with plastic, means your hands stay cool and more importantly, at a distance from spitting bacon, hot slices of eggplant or a frying chicken breast. They also work fine on the outdoor barbecue grill, though LONGER tongs would be good if your grill is larger than my puny one.
Sturdy and easy to handle, these tongs make it easy to grab, flip, turn or retreive just about anything.  The long, rubber coated handles let you keep your cool while using them to reach into a pot of boiling water, a barbecue or a hot frying pan.  The locking feature is great for storage, making the tongs easy to fit in a drawer.  I never thought I would be espousing the praises of tongs but these are one of the small things that make life in the kitchen much easier.Update: (10/07) America's Test Kitchen agrees with me!! They rated these as the best tongs also!
I recently burned myself trying to extract artichokes from a pot at a friend's house. So I checked around and found these tongs on Amazon, looked at the ratings, and got a pair for myself and some for that friend and another. We all love them. They pick up large artichokes with no problem. They're long enough to use on the grill. They wash up in the dishwasher and stay closed in the drawer. They look good, feel good, and work very well. I'm very pleased with this item, as I have been with everything else I've gotten from OXO.
These tongs are the perfect length for cooking on the grill. I use a kettle grill which can get especially hot, but I get relief when using these tongs.These are solid build and they do not feel for anything when picking up heavy items. That is one of my pet peeves of previous tongs that I have owned. They flex to the point that the object being grasped falls out. I have not even come close to that point with these.The locking mechanism on the back works great as well.
This is a sturdy, well-made version of a common design. The biggest difference between this one and the others I have had is that this one really works.It's stable at the hinge and doesn't easily twist or mis-align. The lock mechanism works, holding them closed to a fairly narrow opening.I was at my daughter's the other day, and she and I were joking about the junky pair she has: the lock locks them at about halfway open. Why bother?These are good tongs. I'm only holding back one star because I wish they were 100% stainless steel.
I've tried several stainless tongs and this is the best yet.  My previous favorites had the spring rust out after a year or so of heavy use and many trips through the dishwasher.  I think these will hold up better and they have all the features.  Rubber inserts in the handles for a good grip.  Locking tab in the hinge to keep them folded up for storage.  Just the right shape and serrations on the business end for gripping just about anything you would want to use them for.  I'll be getting more of this brand!
Tongs. Yes, I know, you can get tongs anywhere. Well, let me tell you, I have used countless pairs of "nice" and "professional" grill tongs through the years and nothing has held up like my Oxo tongs. This is by far one of the most important tools in your grilling arsenal...at least outside of your grill and maybe the beer you should be drinking while using your grill.The 16 inch tongs are long enough so that you don't burn your hands on the grill and sturdy enough so that you can lift an entire turkey from grate to platter.  I will use nothing else!
A 12" set of tongs like these cover 90% of your needs, unless you grill a lot, perhaps, or cook regularly with unusually large frying pans, braziers, or stockpots.  I like the Oxo tongs quite a bit, which is saying a lot, as I don't think highly of the brand generally.  These have a good feel to them, the rubber grip surface is effective for non-slip purposes as well as heat insulation, and the the locking mechanism makes it particularly easy to accommodate in kitchen drawers, the dishwasher, or a utensil pot.  The ends have a useful bend to them that makes picking up food items easy.  I wish the stainless were just a bit heavier-gauge, but in practice, I haven't had any bending problems.Again, good for 90% of normal kitchen needs.  A longer set of tongs is probably a better choice for grilling, but even there, these are fine for the odd item or so.
*****These tongs are sturdy, and fine for all tong tasks. OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch, 12-inch, and 16-inch size. Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges, like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer.  These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware; however, you could use these tongs for many things you couldn't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt, so you wouldn't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily. OXO products, including this one, are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them. They clean easily, too. They should be good to go for any kitchen task.*****
I ordered a pair of these tongs as a gift because I love the pair that I have. However, this item did not arrive in new condition. The product tag was stapled onto the tongs, suggesting that they had been returned. In addition, the tongs were held together with 1/2" tape-- something that should have been unnecessary, given that the stem can be pulled out to keep the tongs in a closed position (which was not necessary for shipping). The item was clean, but seemed to have been used. Perhaps I was predisposed to see a problem once I saw the stapled tag and the tape around the tongs, but this was quite a disappointment.
I've had these tongs for two years. I probably use them every day and I love them. They are stainless steel and so far do not have a spec of rust anywhere. The rubberized grip make them easy to use and gives me a good cool place to grab hold of if I accidentally leave them sitting in the skillet. They lock closed for storage, which is also a very nice feature. I actually got them as part of a 10-piece utensil set and this is my favorite piece from the set.
We have owned these tongs for a while now and I cannot find anything to complain about!  The handle(s) are very sturdy - allowing you to really get a good squeeze on something if it is heavy or slippery.  The stainless steel always emerges from the dishwasher spotlessly clean and the "locking" mechanism allows these to be stored in the folded position, saving me a lot of cluttered drawer headaches!Seriously, these would be good tongs at any price and at this price they are well worth the money spent.
I'm sure everyone else has already reviewed the details of this product so let me instead assure you that these LAST.  We use these on a daily basis (though we do have two of the exact same kind for when we need to use two in a day) and after 6 years of use they still work perfectly.  I even "misuse" them by pulling them closed with my teeth if my other hand is occupied and have had no issues.  We dishwash them all of the time - so often are these in the dishwasher that they have their own special "spot".We cook and bake a lot in our house and these are undoubtedly the MOST used kitchen utensil we own, and still in perfect condition.  What more is there to be said?  Well done Oxo!
I love these tongs.  OXO makes wonderful products, they are ergonomic so they aren't hard to use.  These are heaven sent.  The rubber handles keeps you from burning your hands when you accidently leave them in a hot skillet or on a hot stove.  They also lock, which is a nice feature for when you want to put them away.  I love this tool.  You can sautee with these, use them while tossing pasta or salad, or when you need to move a hot lid.  I can't say enough nice things about these tongs, I use mine every day.
I have OXO 12" tongs and love them in the kitchen, so I ordered these 16" ones for the outdoor grill. These 16" tongs have a weak spring so that when you release them, they do not spring open like the 12" ones do. You have to kind of use your fingers to pry them back to the open position, making them very annoying. I already threw away the packaging assuming I would like them otherwise I would definitely return. Buy 12" instead and you will be happy.
OXO makes good gear and this set of tongs is both comfortable and built well.  The plastic handle keeps the end from getting too hot when stirring pasta or other work where it's exposed to heat for a long time.I use this for frying, stirring, turning, tossing, grabbing, and find able to handle it all.  I have used these types of tongs for years, and the plastic handle is a nice addition.  So is the locking tab that keeps them closed for storage.  The smart additions make this gadget even more convenient to use.
These tongs are exactly what everyone needs.  The spring tension is perfect, not too light and not too heavy (this is actually important, I had a pair of tongs with a very stiff spring, made grabbing things very difficult as you needed to press very hard).  The rubber grips are nice and help when you have wet hands, and the locking mechanism is nice to use, although I don't see anything wrong with the &#34;traditional&#34; ring of metal that cheaper tongs have that just slides up and down the body of the tongs.  I will be using tongs a lot more from now on, great for flipping or moving food around the pan without breaking it up like spatulas sometimes do, or use to serve food at the table.
I bought them for my husband, as I read about them on some blog about a man's kitchen or masculine cooking utensils.  They're all that.  He looks 4 inches taller when using them... and he can finally stop using a spoon and his fingers to pull the last carrots out of the stir fry.I hook them over the edge of our wooden-spoon jar.  The tab at the top locks them in a mostly closed position... making them less obnoxious to store than similar products.
I don't mean to be a stick in the mud, but why spend this much for 4 of these, when you can buy a huge pack (50 or more) of wooden clothespins for less than $3.00?  I've been using them as chip-clips, cereal bag clips, cookbook page holders, etc. for years. and they never break.  Don't buy the colored plastic ones - wood ones are best. I keep them in a little wire bin in my junk drawer, and never have to hunt.
As a culinary historian and author of CALIFORNIA PIONEERS, THEIR STORIES, CULTURE AND CUISINE, I use these bag grips for much more than in the kitchen. Yes, they are handy to have in the kitchen, they stick to a refrigerator and the side of a stove. I use them to grab all sorts of items I need to keep handy when I am testing antique recipes... oven mitts, notes, recipe cards, small bags of spices.  And then there are the general uses, the logical ones that come to mind...closing bags of chips and crackers. BUT WAIT! Let's not restrict Good Grips Bag Clips to the obvious...I use them in my office...just as they stick to a refrigerator they also stick to a metal file cabinet...great for messages, outgong mail and "TO-DO" lists.These are also wonderful for organizing kid stuff...give each child a set in their favorite color.
I bought these, but there not as strong as Binder Clips, that I bought at the stationary store, and the binder clips are alot Less money, and you get a box of them, not just 4...I don't keep a bunch of junk cliped on my refigerator, so I kept these OX0 clips in the drawer, they also take up more space then the Binder Clips do...I'm not impressed with these clips.But I gave them a 2 star for color!!! Big deal lol...
Before I bought these clips I used generic blue clippers that were given to me as a promotion for AARP.  I didn't know there was a commercial product I could buy to close bags and anything else I needed closed.  Well I saw these at the supermarket and bought them to see if they worked.  NOT only do they work they work marvelously well!  I love that they have magnets on them so I am never looking for them in my kitchen drawer.  They hold fast and never let go.  I am buying five sets today from Amazon for less than the supermarket charges and their in pretty colors to boot.  The ones I bought previously were only in white.  These work so well to close bags within their boxes like cracker and cereal bags. I am giving a set to each of my daughters and daughter in laws.
I agree with reviewer Jill, this is one of the most functional gadgets in my kitchen. I use them every day. I have 2 sets, one black &amp; one white, and I just ordered a 3rd set in multicolor. They're great for all kinds of food bags: coffee, cat food, cereal, pasta, rice, anything that comes in a bag. I have one on my front door to hold notes or letters to be mailed. I have one on my refrigerator for notes &amp; grocery lists. I use them in my home office as giant paperclips to hold stacks of papers. I use them in the bathroom on bags of cotton balls &amp; other supplies. There seems to be no end to the uses!
These clips are excellent.  They won't change your life, but they're extremely handy.  They are quite well-made.  They last, and they maintain a tight grip rather than losing their &quot;spring&quot; after repeated use.  Also, the relatively wide and flat surface on the business end does a better job than most alternatives at holding closed a wide-mouthed bag of pretzels, chips, etc.  The bright colors are also attractive, and the fact that they double as refrigerator magnets is a nice twist.
I have a few "chip bag type clips" and they really are not as good as these new Oxo Good Grips clips. I love them. They can be used to keep any bag closed or even to hang notes on the fridge.Want to keep a page open in a cookbook? They will hang out on your cookbook to help you out.The soft grip makes them easy to use and the rubber edge grips bags securely. They don't slip off like those "other" bag clips. You know the ones.For bags of chips and everything else. Also keeps the bags of frozen veggies from spilling in the freezer!~The Rebecca ReviewP.S. The pictures here can be confusing. I ordered these again and they look like the top picture not the optional picture.
I have plenty of room on my fridge for storage. But not very much in cupboards and drawers. So some genius came up with the idea of sticking magnets on these babies, and they haven't gotten lost in our house since. I wish my walls were magnetic and more products could just be stuck on there for storage. Alright, that would look terrible, but these things are a great idea and they even look kind of nice and colorful decorating the fridge when they're not holding bags of chips closed.
I have had the WORST luck with wire cheese slicers , regardless of  whether they were purchased at the grocery store or gourmet cooking shop. I actually had a $20.00 slicer fall apart with  its  very first use. I just bought this one a month ago, and though its longevity  has yet to be proven, I just had to slice a TON of cheese for a large family Christmas party of 30 people, and was SO glad I bought this when I did! I love the grippy handle, and it made relatively quick  work of 6 Sam's Club size blocks of cheese. It worked well  on cheddar, monterey jack, colby, colby jack and mozerella. It has a nice weight and feel, and if it's as good as the rest of the Good Grips line, I expect it to last for a very long time.
I love most OXO kitchen products, but I am tossing this one!  The wire is just too loose!  Somehow, I ended up with both this one and the Cuisipro around the same time.  I put the OXO in our trailer, thinking that it might be tolerable for limited use.  However, during our recent trip to Tillamook and Rogue River ("Cheese Land"), the decision was made to buy a second Cuisipro.  Although twice as expensive, the Cusipro has kept a nice tight wire, while the OXO wire cheese slicer is so loose (even after attempted tightening) that I just decided life is too short...
I bought OXO wires to replace the wire that will soon break.  This slicer is just another junk slicer.  When the wire breaks, you throw it away.  I think they make this junk on purpose.  I am so tired of being hosed by companies selling junk.I am a little angry at Amazon for suggesting that I buy replaceable wires with this.  Feels like a bait and switch deal.  I did order the other OXO that uses the replaceable wires that I initially ordered with this junk one.  You will be money ahead, buying the one that accepts replaceable wires.  AVOID this one!
We've never been anything but pleased with the OXO products we've purchased in the past. The garlic press, for example, is so sturdy it'll likely outlive us all. Unfortunately I bought this slicer in a store, not on Amazon where I'd have read the reviews and known better than to waste my money. It looks hearty enough to pound nails, but in our experience it was barely up to cutting cheese. We probably sliced three dozen pieces of Tillamook cheddar with this thing before that wire snapped like a cheap guitar string. The sad part of it is that you can replace a guitar string. You can't replace this wire. No screws. No way to adjust tension. Don't do what I did and assume it's worth the few extra bucks because it looks solid. Without the wire slicer it's just a cheese roller and I'm not sure what use anyone has for one of those.
I've had one of these for a while now that replaced a P-3, a cheap tin hand cranked one and an old electric countertop model.  This opener never loses its grip on the can rim: I can't count the number of cusses I've  saved since I quit using my old ones.  I have never had the wheel  &quot;skid&quot; off the rim yet.  I even take this one camping with me.  (Gotta open those beans; remember blazing saddles?)Oxo really has built  the better mouse trap.
I have been searching for a good can opener for years now.  It's amazing how many subpar can openers there are out there.  Part of the problem is that I have arthritis.  While most everyday tasks don't give me trouble, using a can opener does.  I've looked and looked for both manual and electric can openers that are easy for me to operate and I'm happy with this locking can opener.It's really easy to use and the locking mechanism keeps the pressure on the handles and makes it easy for me to twist the crank around and open the can.  I see that others have had the locking mechanism break, I really hope I get lucky with mine.  This is a very well designed can opener that makes a big difference in the kitchen for me.
I'm at a loss to understand the negative reviews of this product here on Amazon. I've had one for two or three years now, and I think it's one of the best kitchen tools I ever bought. It's lightweight, small enough to store easily, comfortable, easy to use, and I even like the sound it makes when it's slicing through a can top. And the locking mechanism means I don't have to keep squeezing while I turn the easily-grasped turning knob.This thing is well-designed and well-constructed. I'd recommend it to anyone.
This can opener has been terrific!  It is easy to place on the can and turns very easily.  This is so much better than any electric can opener I have owned and I don't think it can be compared to other manual can openers I have used.  I was a bit skeptical about this can opener, but I am glad I made the investment.  It was time to get a new can opener and I bought the right one.This is the first manual can opener I have ever liked.  I can just put it on the can, squeeze, turn and unlock when the can is open.  Other manual can openers I have used seem to need precision when placing them on the can, but not this one.  It turns smoothly and without much effort.  I like the fact that it locks and I don't have to keep squeezing.  I would recommend this one especially for anyone who needs a can opener that is easy and simple to use.
Last Xmas (1999) I bought my wife two of these.  The locking mechanism broke on the first one in January of 2000.  The locking mechanism on the second one broke in mid 2000.  From what I'm reading in the other reviews, this is a common happening.From that part of it, the thing probably deserves 1 star.  However, the thing still works as a can openener, even though the lock broke.  Taken strictly on the can opener part of it, it's got a nice grip - feels better than most can openers, but probably isn't worth the extra money.Overall, it's just &quot;OK&quot;.  If you like the rest of the Oxo line, you'll probably like this - although I bet your lock will break before too long, and it'll just be any other can opener then.
I had purchased the same opener several years ago at a department store.  I loved the locking mechanism.  The opener was solid and held up great.  Unfortunately, the handle snapped off in the middle of a chili batch during the opening of many cans of beans and tomatoes.  I couldn't find one like it anywhere so I ordered it from Amazon since the shipping was free.  I am extremely unimpressed with the quality of the new one.  It is lighter in contruction and I can see why the chief complaint is the locking mechanism breaking.  It's going to occur sooner than later.  I wish I could remove the opener and put it on my old opener handle.  Two stars for this looser.Update 10/5/11: Been using this opener for nearly a year now.  Have to say, it's held up and I've gotten use to the ligher weight construction.  I would 3 star this item if I had it to do over.
I've had my Oxo Good Grips Locking Can Opener for years, and am just now looking at purchasing a second one.  I've read several reviews that complained about the locking mechanism breaking within the first year, but mine is several years old and is still going strong.My one mini-problem after all of these years is that there must have been some damage to the cutting mechanism because it catches every couple turns...a hiccup of sorts.  I still get a can opened eventually, but I've been spoiled with an opener that used to work flawlessly.  I hope the newer model doesn't disappoint me.The locking mechanism makes it easy to store...it's a bit bulkier than some other models, but the nice fat turning handle is easy on arthritic hands.  I love this opener!
The OXO measuring cups impressed me at first sight as they include a 1/3 cup measure which is so often neglected in sets that focus on 1/4, 1/2, 3/4, and the full measure always leaving you to guess at how much you need  to put in. I like the plastic construction which does not give my  ingredients a metallic taste like conventional aluminum cups can. These  clean up easy and the handles are coated allowing for an easy and secure  grip even when your hands are wet. XOX makes a quality line of gadgets and  if you are arthritic in any manner they are an excellent choice as they are  engineered to fit the human hand comfortably and securely.
These measuring cups were perfect until the measurements washed off. Our family only uses environmentally friendly soaps, so we're not sure why the "paints" wore off, but we were extra careful to only put them on the top rack of our dishwasher. We do really like the ring around the middle that makes measuring easier with liquids. We have not had any problems with staining, but our soap (Bio-Kleen) is pretty amazing :) We did remove the ring approximately five minutes after we purchased them because it was simply too awkward to use. Our next set of cups will be metal, but for now, this set and our scale does a good job.
I have to admit that I purchased these cups to bump up an order ...so I could receive free shipping. I was looking for something cheap to fill the order.  I hadn't thought about replacing my old cups before.  However, I'm glad to have these measuring cups, as they are very durable and well made.  I like the color coded measurements on the handle. There have been a few times that I've inadvertently grabbed the 1/2 cup instead of the 1/3 cup measure in my old set, but I won't make that mistake again with these.
i had this for 2 years and used it about once a month. i was very happy with it at first, since it was very easy to use. however i found that it had no way of stopping when the cork had been screwed up high enough, and it just kept going, so that the cork would become wedged in the opener, then it would break off and i would have to use a knife to try and prise the cork out of the device. this happened a few times, and the last time i just couldn't get the cork out, which meant i couldn't use the corkscrew, because it already had a cork around the top part of it. after a while i had to throw it out.
This is your basic winged corkscrew.  Expected OXO improvements are the over-sized and rubberized head for better grip when twisting the top. The wings are a smooth matte hard plastic that the body is also made of.Pros:*The worm is Teflon coated and slides in and out of the cork easily. This is usually a feature reserved for high-priced, high-end corkscrews.*Top has the signature OXO over-sized & rubberized grip.*Lightweight and comfortable to use.Cons:* Over-sized head does not have the bottle opener feature that many winged corkscrews have* Only the head is rubberized and not the wings* Body and wings are made of a smooth matte plastic that seems likely to crack, shatter & break if accidentally dropped.Overall a decent winged corkscrew designed for hand comfort but with reduced features.  So far, at 3 winery events, this corkscrew has easily and comfortably opened 15+ bottles of wine.  Recommended.
The first time that I used this corkscrew I thought it was going to break but so far it has held up well. Since it is made of plastic I was hesitant to apply too much pressure but it is tougher than it looks. I like the Teflon coating on the screw and the fact that it's dishwasher safe. There doesn't seem to be anything that can rush on this corkscrew.Simply turn the knob and the screw will drive into the cork and the wings will rise, and then apply pressure to the wings and it will remove the cork fairly easily.Sure there are many corkscrews that are fancier but they will come with a much greater price tag. This corkscrew gets the job done and is priced very well. So far I have no complaints.
You push the screw through the cork exactly /once/ and the whole entire thing pops out in one feel swoop. Freaking awesome. I still prefer my bartender's wine key, because it has a foil cutter, and makes it easier for me to present a clean looking bottle, but a friend of mine who has a hard time with my wine key loves this device. I keep it there for her. Unlike other corkscrews, you don't need to repeatedly screw the thing into the cork to pull out the cork. It comes out quickly and easily. If you have trouble with corks, this is your new BFF.
I was a little disapointed when I received this item to find out it's all plastic except the corkscrew part. I've used it a few times and so far it's holding up, but I'm leary of how long it will hold up due to the materials. I'm afraid over time the handles will break off if there is too much pressure exerted. I've purchsed OXO products in the past and have always been pleased with the quality, just not this one. It has a 100% replacement guarantee but I'm sure the buyer would have to pay for shipping so I'm not sure it would even be worth the hassle-just buy a sturdier one. As I said I've just used this a few times and gave it 3 stars due to material construction. Only time will tell how long it really lasts.......
I owned one of those fancy rabbit style corkscrews for the past few years and each time I've had to re-teach myself how to use it.  The last few times I've retaught myself I've ended up shredding the cork, pushing it inside the bottle of wine, and removing half of the corkscrew.  After the third time the corkscrew ended up in the trash (after further examination determining that it was in fact broken) I decided I needed something a little more user friendly.  Trusting the OXO brand for all of my kitchen desires this corkscrew seemed easy to use and not bulky like the one I had thrown away.  Thus far this corkscrew has been one of my better acquisitions, no more corks shredding or ending up floating in my bottle of wine.  It's so easy to use even I can do it and it has made all of my favorite bottles of wine much easier to access (which might be a bit dangerous to someone who loves wine!)
I'm a big fan of most OXO products.  This wine opener is not as slick as most OXO products I have.  Mainly due to fact it is somewhat bulky and all the bulk is plastic - not sure how long this will survive banging around in my utensils drawer before plastic cracks.  My other wine opener has much less plastic and has been very durable (had for several years).  In terms of actually opening wine, the OXO works pretty well - fairly easy and straightforward to get cork out of wine bottle though sometimes OXO can guide down slightly crooked with occasional cork breaking off.Overall 3.5 stars for price / value, lower than my usual OXO rating.  I prefer my other corkscrew I bought on Amazon for around same price.h
Because this is my first cork screw that I have owned that hasn't been part of a swiss army knife, I wasn't prepared for this little wonder. The OXO makes opening a bottle of wine or oil effortless. The plastic handle feels good in my hand and a few twists the cork easily slides out of the bottle.Just as an additional praise for this corkscrew, I bring this with me when I go over to people's houses just in case a need might be found. I try not to be "that guy" but when your corkscrew looks this good it is hard not to demonstrate.
I read a few negative reviews about this corkscrew that are critical of the build quality.  I have to respectfully disagree.  I'm not sure exactly what type of polymer it's made of, but it's not "cheap plastic".  Yes, it's very lightweight and made of something not metal, but whatever it's made of is very strong and durable.  The screw literally glides into the cork like a hot knife through butter and because the corkscrew is so lightweight all of your energy goes into removed the cork instead of balancing a heavy corkscrew.  I love it.
The Oxo Good Grips Winged Corkscrew is, indeed, easy to use.  The nonstick coating on the screw makes it easy to slide into the cork and the knob is wide and easy to grasp.  The levers on the side make for easy cork removal.We own several corkscrews and exercise them regularly, but the Oxo is easier to use than its more expensive counterparts, so at the moment it's our choice.I have read the more critical reviews here that say that this particular product breaks easily.  I can only suggest that buyers retain their sales receipt in case of breakage, since Oxo does offer replacement or refund.  So far we've had no need of that.
I'll admit it - I own the $200 Leverpull because it's prettydoggone cool.  But this opener, for a [lot less], has the exact samepart that makes the whole Screwpull line of corkscrews so easy to use; the teflon-coated &quot;worm&quot; screw.I've used five different models that feature this very thin, slippery screw and it's definitely the way to go regardless of the mechanism for driving it into the cork.  It slides in like a surgical instrument, with minimal effort and maximum effect.One warning: These corkscrews make the job so effortless that you can't wait to open another bottle.  Some self-retraint will be required...
I don't know why or what I may be doing wrong, but this seems to split the cork when I use it.  It doesn't always, but I'd say half the time I use it the screw goes in straight but goes sideways and breaks the cork when it brings it up.  Then I have to use it again to get the rest of the cork.However it does take the cork out without having to muscle it out.  The cork is not always in one piece, but it's out.
wow this is a truly amazing salad spinner.  it keeps washed leaves fresh & crisp for a long time (5 days is the longest ive tried before eating them).  usually, we would try different ways of washing & storing lettuce but even after 2 days it would get soggy & brownish.  this makes eating salad into an easy meal.  no more washing and towel-drying the salad.  this gets it pretty dry after like 3 cycle-brake sets.my mom has even started using it to store cilantro (which she always complained about it going bad too fast previously).  so this has totally increased the salad consumption in our household (& we are mostly vegetarian!).  now its fun to try making new dressings each time.oh yeah, before i forget, slice avocado in your salad!
this works so well i have no complaints at all  i hope it lasts as i have gone through too many spinners, others that werent made as well and i love that it comes with a cover so i can spin the greens then remove the basket and spinner top and store the bowl with cover in the fridge till i need to dress the salad in my salad bowl,i have also put potato salad in the bowl with the cover its really quite nice to have more uses than just as a spinner but if it had only one use id still like it the whole thing is stable and one touch of the button will stop the spinning and you can lock the spinnertop on so no wild lettuce flying around the room as with the string spinners. i recommend this
Years, and years ago my Daddy who was a fantastic gardener gave me a fantastic salad spinner, but after many, many spins it gave out.  I bought at least three spinners after that--all went to the dump.  Cook's Ilustrated Test Kitchen recommended the Oxo Salad Spinner and I love Cook's for their testing--they really are the Consumer Reports of the cooking world--and it lived up to their ratings.  I expect to have this spinner working for me the rest of my life.
If you are a Salad Lover, this device saves you A HEAP OF TIME washing and wicking away remaining moisture in seconds, so that your salad is readied for serving, crisp & dry.  There is nothing worse than the drip drip of wet salad, with the run-off diluting the dressing (and runny dressing running down your chin).The inner bowl doubles as a strainer and the outer bowl is useful for soaking/ washing fruits & vegetables.  The rubberised palm operated (press down) spinner button, is effortlessly activated with a gentle "palm-down press" and locks into the bowl with the flick of a switch for easy storage.  If desired this can be brought to a picnic and the salad can be served there in as well.A little expensive when I bought it even on special BUT Very Recommended. Will last for years.
Had a cheap salad dryer for years, but was always bothered by the chemicals in the plastic. This brand makes their products safely, so I decided to switch. It does the job but it doesn't get the lettuce as dry as my old one, but I won't return it because I believe there's real value in the chemical-free aspect of this product (and a little water on the leaves never hurt anyone). Also, the big bowl in my old one had holes so the water dripped down into the sink when I spun it; whereas this one (and most newer ones) have no holes in the big plastic bowl so you can spin on the countertop (though it means that if you flush water over the lettuce in the green basket, and it's inside the big bowl, the big bowl will fill up w/ water and you have to dump it before you spin (otherwise the lettuce is spinning in the pool of water).
I bought this as a gift for someone - and I'm a bit envious as I have the original white one.  This one is gorgeous!  I love this salad spinner because it works.  The pull-string type reverse direction with each pull of the cord and you can never get up to a sufficient speed. This newer model also has a snap out lid liner for easy rinsing.  There's a brake on the lid which even Jacques Pepin didn't seem to know about on one of his cooking shows!  If you love salads, how can you live without one of these?
We had the previous incarnation of this salad spinner with the more rounded bowl, and it finally gave out after years of faithful service.  I had a hard time finding its exact replacement on Amazon, so I decided to try this one but was a little concerned considering some people were having problems with the mechanism breaking and in a couple of the photos, the basket looked flimsy.  Well, it's not flimsy at all, in fact it's sturdier than the old basket, just has a transparent quality.  The bowl is actually plenty large enough compared to our old one, it seemed a little smaller, but the plunger portion might be a little smaller than before, so takes up less space.  So far it's working fine, but given the warnings about the mechanism, I'm just being careful not to really pound on it.  The plastic bowl is an attractive shape, and until it gets beat up, would actually be a really serving bowl for a salad.
The description doesn't say the capacity of this thing and I couldn't believe how big it was when I received it. I didn't even try it out..returned it and am waiting for the mini version. Unless you need a huge amount of lettuce or anything else..beware of how large it is. It is hard to store, the storage lid that you use instead of the spinning one to store veggies in the refridgerator is NO LONGER SOLD ON eBAY. That was disappointing as well. Seems like a good product otherwise...
I bought this while on a health kick, thinking it would make me eat more salad, and because I needed a crisper. I use it occasionally, but I found cleaning it to be difficult. It fits awkwardly in the dishwasher, and I find the spinner top very difficult to wash by hand (since I've moved to an apartment that no longer has a dishwasher). I would recommend the smaller version, unless you have an extra large family. I also don't find it to be a very good crisper--my lettuce lasts two days... at most! Maybe I'm not locking the top, I don't know.I do have to say it has pros, it does an amazing job of spinning greens, and the ability to use the clear bowl for service is nice.
I have been using this spinner for about 6 mos at least once a week. I had a smaller spinner that would not hold a head of romaine lettuce. A spinner any smaller than the OXO would not hold a head of romaine or green leaf lettuce. It does an excellent job of spinning the water out, much better than my old crank style one.As far as peoples reports about the pointy thing on the bottom breaking off...I am to this day still trying to understand how they could break it off, unless they are stacking glass bowls or something inside it. My son the resident dishwasher that has broken lots of stuff has not broken this yet so I would have to say its pretty durable. I dont stack anything inside it.
We love salad and have been using our OXO salad spinner for over 4 years.  In that time it has stood up to the abuse of having the plunger pushed as fast as humanly possible by both the kids and Dad. We have dropped the bowl several times and the various nicks and scratches have not been fatal to overall performance.It does its job well.  We love buying a fresh head of romaine to cut up and spin for our salad.  It seems so much more economical and tasty than the pre-packaged lettuce.We also find that the strainer acts as a handy colander in a pinch.
Does exactly what it is made to do and does it well, spins enough salad for 4 people at a time. Easy to clean and efficient. If you are wondering if this is something you would use; if you eat salad greens or want fruit dried quickly you will use it often. I didn't buy one for 2 years wondering if its something that would just sit and never be used now its used often. Feels like an essential item. This was also rated by Americas Test Kitchen 2012 as the best salad spinner.
There are spinners out there that boast of washing and drying.  This kitchen gadget nut is also a clean freak.  I'll wash my veggies and berries by hand, thank you very much.  Then I use my trusty Oxo spinner to finish the job.  It is the best DRYER on the market, and I have used a lot of them.  Instead of having to pull a cord and hope the thing doesn't fly off the counter or out of the sink, you just pump this puppy a couple of times and watch the centrifugal force dry your greens.  The spinner continues on its axis long after the last pump.  There is a brake button to stop the action if you wish.  The large clear bowl seconds as a salad bowl, and when you are through you lock the pump down out of sight for better storage.  What more could you ask for?
Having used several different types of salad spinners over the years, I have to say that this is the best one yet. Just push the plunger and let it spin away. You can do other things while it works, as you don't have to hang on to it. A real time saver in the kitchen.The small one will spin enough lettuce for 1 - 2 salads, so if you have a big family you would most likely want the large one.It really is a one hand operation, all the other required two hands to use.
I just bought this item to replace a 8-year old Zyliss spinner b/c I couldn't separate the lid for cleaning.  I knew the OXO was a great product since I already had the smaller one which I use for blueberries, cherries, herbs, etc.  But, this large OXO is heavier than my Zyliss and it's difficult for this senior woman with slight arthritis to handle.  I used to "one hand" the Zyliss (even full), but I have to use both hands to carry the OXO empty.  If it was lighter, I'd give it 5 stars.
Like what some other reviewers have mentioned, this spinner does not dry the greens. It does get rid of the excess water after you have washed them, but they remain wet.I use this for 2 purposes:- To wash and get rid of the excess water in the salads before storing them in the refrigerator. Even though the greens don't dry completely they do remain fresh for upto a week after washing.- I do a lot of Indian cooking and stir fry greens regularly (fenugreek, dill weed, spinach, mustard bitters) and having any excess water from the washing can make the resulting preparation very mushy. I use this spinner to get that water off and it does the trick.
I had an older salad spinner that had the horrible pull string on it.  It eventually broke so I was turned off from buying another one.I eat alot of green salads and I also have to clean fresh herbs both for cooking and also for my pet rabbit who loves parsely and cilantro.  I decided to try this one since OXO has never let me down.  This spinner is excellent!  It has a rubber bottom to keep it from slipping and the push spin makes it fast and easy to dry greens.The materials are sturdy.  Much better than my old one.  This was a good investment.
Good spinner but like so many of them, once it gets spinning it can move around a bit on a counter. You have to hold it still or put on a dish towel. I like that you can easily take the lid apart in one motion to wash the inside of the lid. I am not a fan of the brake button as I believe it causes the plastic to wear and eventually get into your salad. I just spin it and let it stop on it's own.Overall, it's just what I expected. My last one wore out after several years. This one seems to have been improved since the last one so I am mostly happy with it. OXO makes solid products and nothing lasts forever.
What can I say that has not already been said. I purchased the Mini because I have limited cabinet space and usually am cooking for 2 or less. This thing is amazing, works like a charm. I only wish that you could by additional strainers so I could use as temporary storage while I am spinning something else. I'm really glad I opted for the Mini and will likely buy a second one. The size is perfect and holds more than what you'd probably anticipate from the picture. Amazon offers a great priced compared to other retailers on this (unless you get a 30% coupon at Kohls).
I received this as a gift and was initially tempted to return it based on past poor experiences with salad spinners. Very glad that I kept it -- it works well and is very easy to use. Rather than have to turn a knob or pull a string, all you need to do is push down on the plunger a couple of times and you're done.I have several other Oxo products and they all share the same attention to the little details that make the product better. With the salad spinner, the plunger can be locked in the down position to make it easier to store. Also there's a brake (a simple button) that stops the spinning so you don't have to wait for it to stop on its own.This would also be a good choice for someone with limited hand/grip strength. It's a lot easier to push down on a plunger than grasp a knob or pull a string.Highly recommend!
I bought this when it came on a gold box deal shortly after I had had a party and my salad had been diluted with all the water that had remained on the red romaine lettuce I was using.  Aggravated for the last time, I was very happy to see this come on a gold box offer.  It's small for a larger leaf lettuce such as romaine, but I tore it up in smaller pieces and away it went.  It's so easy my three-year-old figured it out before I did!  This is a great purchase but I'm also going to get the larger one to do larger leaf lettuce.  I love this thing!
This is perfect.  I grow plants such as lettuce in the back yard and want to be sure they are clean so I soak the leaves first in the large bowl before washing them and draining into the colander.  Then into the spinner.  I have had a spinner before, but with a crank, but this is so much better.  The spin is powerful.  If I want to be sure all the water is out, I may toss the lettuce around a bit one more time within the colander and spin again.  This sure beats using a towel as I had been doing!Also, the brake works well, and the top comes apart for a thorough cleaning.  The material is sturdy.  I think it's a great buy.  And I'm glad I bought the larger size.
I have the mini version of this salad spinner.  I would not actually use the term "mini" to describe it, since it does hold a lot of lettuce.  It will hold a whole small head of leaf lettuce (chopped, of course) when packed full, which makes enough for two big plates of salad (or probably 4 small side salads).  I like that it is smaller in size (not clumsy or hard to handle, takes minimal storage space), has nonskid bottom, really dries lettuce well, is easy to operate and even has a brake to stop the spinning.  I just rinse it off when done (easy for quick weeknight dinners).  I like the operation of this product (push down) better than the large Zyliss spinner that I own that has a pull-string.  The small Oxo spinner is also great for drying blueberries.
I had read that water on some vegetables while in the refrigerator can speed up thedegrading process.  I knew it was a good idea to wash all vegetables before eating.The solution is a salad spinner.  I spent quite some time researching the reviewresults on various salad spinners and this OXO appeared to be the best.I received it and immediately put it to use.  It is everything it was advertised tobe and both my wife and I are extremely pleased with this product.I am recommending it to all of my friends.
Since we are on a diet, buying those bags of salad mix is getting expensive.  With this I tear up a head of lettuce and rinse it out and within a minute of spinning, I have clean, dry lettuce.  I dare say I use this with other things like broccoli, too, but you have to put it in the leaves and even the weight out.  And it's like a toy top, fun to play with.  The handle recedes to make it less tall to put away.  This is the one Alton Brown recommends in his book "Gear for your Kitchen."
After several years, this was on sale for $17.99 so I finally made the leap and this makes cleaning sandy Chinese greens much less stressful and wastes less water. This product should be marketed to the Chinese diaspora.  Frankly, everyone in Asia needs to be introduced to this product.  I don't use it as much as I would like because I don't eat as many vegetables as I ought to do.Another use for this is as a cake dome!  That means I don't buy the Anchor Hocking Savannah nor the Wilton Cake Dome Pedestal. What a good deal this salad spinner is.
You can't beat this jewel!  It's durable, easy to use, easy to clean, and it does a great job.  Like any other salad spinner, hold it steady with your free hand while it is spinning.  That's all. . .nothing to it!  To clean it afterward, I usually just rinse out the bowl and strainer and let them air dry.  But once every few days or so, I might put them in the sink with soapy water for a real wash.  You won't regret getting this kitchen staple!
I've only used it a few times so far but it spins well and fast. It's nice that the pump top collapses down for storage and the brake button is nice too. If you spin it empty it seems to have a slight wobble but that may not mean anything at all because it seems to be perfectly fine for spinning lettuce. Also it works great for leftover salad storage in the fridge because the water at the bottom is kept away from the leaves and they will stay fresher much longer.This is one of our favourite kitchen items because even though it is very bulky and takes up a significant amount of storage space, we think it is well worth having especially since we have a salad at dinner probably every other day.
My oh My!  This is the thing to have. Works like a charm at spinning out water on lettuce. Getting it dry makes it keep longer in the refrig. Nice product, nice size and quality. Will replace with same product if this one wears out, which will be a long time from now. I like how the push button can be locked in and make it easier to store, making it less tall, and taking up less room in cabinet or refrigerator. Would make a great gift for a new bride.
This salad spinner has so many useful features. The push top locks into place so it takes up less space. The nifty brake button works really well. It spins fast enough to get the job done.The only reason we don't use it more often is because in the humid climate we live in we have to dry it completely every time we use it. If we leave even a slight residue of water and store it with the lid on it will never dry and mildews within a day or two. Other than that, we love it.
I had to wonder what could make a salad spinner really stand out from the rest and I think I got my answer with this model from OXO.First off the design is simple and works effortlessly because it wasn't over designed with unnecessary parts. The thickness of the outer bowl is more than adequate and feels like you could drop it without it breaking. The pump mechanism works very well without the need to press very hard or often. I like that the pump handle can be locked down for storage with a button and the spinning bowl can be stopped manually with a button that acts like a friction brake. I decided to purchase the lettuce keeper and the lettuce knife because of the reputation for quality from OXO. I also own a tea kettle from OXO and really like it for all the same reasons, build quality, design, etc.  If you're in the market for a great salad spinner I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this model. Consider the lettuce keeper and knife, too.
Sometimes I get lazy.  I think I should have a salad tonight but don't because it is so much bother to make.  Saw this do hickey and said "why not try it".  I did.  Even when I am real lazy at dinner time I make salads.  You put all your lettuce and veggies in the spinner and run water up to the brim.  I usually add ice and make everything cold and crisp. Pick up the basket and dump the water and ice in the sink.  Then put the lid on and spin away.  Everything is ready to dump into the salad bowl.  When you spin this gizmo doesn't even walk on you.  I love this item.
This is without a doubt the one of the best, and I've actually tried a few. I've had mine for four years now and it still WORKS as good as the day I bought it. Never mind comments about it being too bulky(smaller versions are available). If you make a lot of salads, this is a must have. It's sturdy and wrings salad dry within 1-2 spins. Most importantly, no awlful hand cranks that can brake off. For this kind of quality,it's worth every penny.
At first I wasn't sure... that's alot of money for something who's purpose is just to spin lettuce; boy am I glad I bought it though! I put on mega weight when pregnant with my daughter, and needed to start eatting healthy, everyone knows fresh greens are healthy but who likes the soggy brown mess you get when you try to make a salad? Enter the spinner. First you can chop your lettuces and toss them in to wash, then spin spin spin (this part is fun) you get a wonderful dry salad (ie dressings stick!) and it keeps is so fresh in the fridge that I can have salad every day easily now. Best purchase I've made in along time!
I wanted this for so long, but didn't want to find a place in my kitchen to store it.  I finally purchased it on a carefree whim and then when I bought my first bag of romaine bunches and had to clean them, I couldn't wait to try this. I LOVED IT.  I always hated washing salad and waiting forever for the leaves to dry enough to put it away.  This takes all that misery away. Plus, I then store the salad in it and it is perfect.  Still a bit costly, but it should last a long, long time.  Now, if only I liked salad more...
I bought this one to replace the softworks model that we wore out (after about 5 yrs).  Pros on the green one:  Clear lid, removable spinner top liner for cleaning.  Cons:  it's not as big as the softworks model, and we cant get it to spin as fast.If I did it over, I'd go with the softworks model again (the white one).  Even though it doesn't break down as well for cleaning, it spins faster and holds more.
How many times have you reached in the fridge for the salad you just washed and shredded the day before and you find it's already wilting and browning?  Too many times for me!  This is a super product, designed to keep optimal moisture for keeping salads at the peek of freshness.  This salad spinner will make it possible for the salad to be eaten entirely before the salad leaves expire, leaving no waste.  This product is well made, durable, easy to clean, fun to use, and it really does what it's supposed to do.  What I love about this product is my grade school boys like to push the spinner button and spin the lettuce and then wait for it to stop cycling...and then serve up a bowl of salad to eat themselves.  Before, they wouldn't have had anything to do with a salad to eat, now they are interested in this NEW food!  This salad spinner is a must have for health conscious families!  Great buy, highly recommended!
Just received it, tried it out of course to see if it worked, was disappointed when I couldn't get it to spin until I realized I had to remove the little piece of yellow foam that kept it from working.  Yes, will have a yummy salad tonight, now that I don't have to dry lettuce leaves on paper towels anymore.  i had one before but don't know what happened to it......maybe I gave it away by mistake.  Big mistake.  Hope this will be my last one.  Works great.
I started working nights and my wife does not cook so I had to start pre-making dinner. This item has been a lifesaver to create fresh salads which can be stored. I purchased the large one. I can use the bowl to ice bath the lettuce and then empty it into the collander and dry it. I also use the bowl to then toss the salad with dressing. This item also allows me to wash fresh fruit like starberries and grapes, then spin dry and store in tupperware for the week. A must needed product for any kitchen. Don't skimp, get the big one, you will need it. I highly recommend this product.
This one was a gift, but I have an identical one (although not green). I use it all the time, and it works wonderfully. It's a bit bulky to store, but I especially love it during the summer when I'm getting lots of fresh greens in my CSA share. I wash them and dry them in this, and then I store them in this in the refrigerator. It works perfectly as a crisper in the fridge, and keeps greens fresh and crisp up to two weeks, which is kind of amazing. I love this thing.
My husband and I do lots of cooking and had an OXO salad spinner for years. It finally gave out and we replaced it with a salad spinner from another &#34;trusted brand name&#34;. It broke within a week, the spin was so weak it didn't remove any moisture whatsoever.  I found this brand new and slightly restyled OXO and bought it immediately. The OXO spins lettuce, cabbage, spinach quickly and easily. With the new clear bowl you can see how much water is coming off of the freshly leaves.
We love to have a fresh salad, especially in the spring, summer and fall when the produce is less expensive.  We always make sure that we thoroughly wash the produce to avoid any issues with contamination.  My wife loves this salad spinner as you can  rinse your vegetables and greens till you are sure they are clean and then spin them easily and get rid of the excess water.It makes your salad healthier as you are sure the ingredients are clean and you don't get the water in the bottom of your salad bowl to dilute your salad dressing.  We use this all the time and it has held up very well.  We are used to having it and we would buy another if it ever broke because we are so used to the convenience of using it.It states that it is dishwasher safe but we wash ours by hand and it has been fine. This is a great product and well worth the money if you eat a lot of salads!
I've held off on buying this for a long time because I had a hard time parting with $30 for a plastic bowl. I'm so glad I purchased it finally. As you would expect from OXO, it's very well made. OXO always has the best products--definitely the best value. The top handle makes the bowl spin fast so the lettuce dries in no time. It even has a little break to stop the bowl from spinning. The large bowl is the perfect size for a bag of lettuce.
OXO has a smaller version to consider before you buy this unit. If your household is small, or the salad you make is less than a full head of lettuce, the smaller version is worth considering.This larger version takes up more storage space, not only in the cupboard but also in the dish drainer. That's a consideration when you realize that you need to wash the bowl and colander between uses, and that the inner mechanism on the underside of the cover also needs a chance to dry! I prefer to clean up in the kitchen as I do meal prep, and to let utensils air dry. The larger version made it enough more difficult because of its space requirements that I broke down and bought the smaller one recently.Bottom line: Look at both--and think--before you buy.
I am anti-gadgets having discovered in the past I use them once or twice, and then I forget I have them or they don't work very well, and end up taking up valuable space.After rave reviews, I finally caved and bought the salad spinner.  This is a FABULOUS kitchen tool.  It really spins the salad leaves well with minimal effort.  I now use it every time I have salad. NO MORE WET SALAD!In addition, there are multiple uses with the bowl.  Serve your salad in it, store your salad in it, etc.
This is an excellent product. I've used other spinners, they're alright, none of them is as good as the OXO spinner.I use mine regularly, and for all sorts of things. Lettuce washes and dries nicely in here, but so does most produce whether cut or whole. I regularly clean smaller things like mini-peppers, berries, grapes, and anything else that's too tedious to do by hand.Sometimes a single spin isn't enough, but a quick drain and mix-up of the produce and then a second spin generally solves that problem.Clean-up is easy, and after years of use--pretty careless use, too--my spinner is still going strong. If you eat a lot of produce, this is absolutely worth the money, and not just a gimmicky device that will take up space.
It's rare that you get a product that exceeds your expectations.  This is one of those cases.I make a lot of salads and was really getting tired of waiting for the lettuce to dry.  This thing spins so fast and for so long after a few pushes of the button, it's amazing.  I took out my Arugula and spinach, and couldn't believe how dry it was.  the amount of water I poured out that had been removed was impressive.Honestly, it's great to see a product do what it's supposed to do, so well
I was buying pre-washed salads at least once a week at a cost of $4 each, and it was only good enough to serve 2 people. Often the salad mix was old. I finally bought one of these so I could buy farmer market lettuce for $1, and it last for 2 to 3 meals. I prep the lettuce when I get home from the market, it takes about 20 minutes, but I have fresh lettuce that lasts 1-2 weeks if you properly dry it and put it in paper towels. I recently read that pre-washed lettuce was dirtier then regular lettuce, so I'll never go back to store bought pre-washed salad mix. Love this salad spinner.
THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE SALAD SPINNER BUT CAVEAT EMPTOR!!! THE INSTRUCTIONS LEAVE A LOT TO BE DESIRED.  IT SEEMS SIMPLE ENOUGH TO USE.  HOWEVER, IF THE BASKET IS NOT PLACED JUST SO, THE SPINNER WILL NOT TURN PROPERLY.  THIS WAS SO FRUSTRATING UNTIL 2 PEOPLE, ONE AN ENGINEER, FINALLY FIGURED OUT WHAT WAS WRONG.  THAT SAID, IT WORKS PERFECTLY FOR SMALL AMTS OF  GREENS.  PERFECT FOR 1 TO 3 PEOPLE.  THE ABILITY TO STORE THE  DRY LETTUCE IN THE SPINNER IS A PLUS.  IT KEEPS IT FRESH AND DRY.  I LOVE IT.  HAVE NOT USED IT ON HERBS OR BERRIES YET BUT I AM SURE IT WILL BE GREAT.
I enjoy having this. I feel even the bagged salads must now be washed also, especially after the spinich e. coli breakout. I used to buy full leaf lettuce and wash then dry on papertowels individually. This makes it so much easier! Bagged salads last longer when I store in here instead. I buy a lot of bag salad, and in a day or two one can see how much moisture builds up inside. I transfer the bags over to the spinner and it's no problem any longer. Be forewarned that this size can barely acommodate an entire bagged salad, but minus a bowl or two it is perfect for the rest of the bag! (Read the bigger size may have difficulty fitting on some fridge shelves.) I also like to use it for other things like mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grapes, and washing fresh herbs.
I grew up in a household in which no one had even heard of a salad spinner let alone used one. I have worked for several years in the restaurant industry and I find having a salad spinner indispensable. I use one every day. For those of you who are not used to using one, they  can only be compared to beating your clothes against a rock rather than washing them in a machine. You get your greens much cleaner and they are nice and dry when you finish so the dressing doesn't slide off. I use the outer bowl to soak the greens in and then I dump them in the strainer part and spin away. Easy. The pump model is great because you can use it with only one hand (feel free to use your other hand for any purpose you like) and the OXO construction, as usual, is solid. You will wonder what you did before you owned this.
I love having cut fresh lettuce around for salads and things, and soaking it in water makes the lettuce really crisp, so then I use the spinner to dry and store it, and it works perfectly. It's very sturdy, but I used the bowl as a mixing bowl once and the inside got lots of visible scratches. Also, the top doesn't come apart, and a piece of lettuce got stuck in there and I any get it out, or find any way to wash between the two pieces. It comes apart somewhat, but not completely.
We've had three different salad spinners in the last 10 years. We gave two of them away - they didn't break, they were just too hard to use.My husband ordered this one and at first I was frustrated that he ordered it without asking me. I know, control freak but it is my kitchen. ;-)I'm really glad he did. It is so much easier to use than the other ones we had. There is an enclosed water trapper bowl. Some other models have holes in the bottom for the water to drain out as you spin. The problem is that they leak if you don't have it over the sink. We like to soak the lettuce in a full bowl of water before spinning.The spinner knob locks down for storage and the entire unit comes apart for quick rinsing. The knob is a comfortable rubber (like most Oxo products).Highly recommended for rinsing and drying lettuce and other vegetables. Not recommended for drying socks.
I got this because I joined a CSA and knew we would be getting a lot of greens.  It did remove the dirt and grit, but takes up a lot of room and didn't work as I expected.  I was hoping the greens would be spun pretty close to dry, but even after spinning several times, they were still pretty damp.  I even placed them on paper towels and waited an hour, but still they were damp.  I live in Denver, so the humidity is generally low.  Maybe I'm putting too many greens in at once?  Letting the greens soak too long?
Haven't yet used it much but it seems very well built and like it will do the job. Very pleased. The only drawback with this is that I bought the smaller one, not sure in hindsight if it will be big enough, I think if your into more of the faddish greens that are out in the last few years and only want salads for one or two it would be fine. However if your breaking up a head lettuce (I know, not in fashion now, supposedly not as healthy as others), it may be too small to do it all at once. I love my iceberg but am slowly accepting more romaines, leafy others too. Time will tell.
I purchased this replacement after considering other brands -- saw that the pullstring types etc had mixed reviews.  I have to say that the original which lastedme 8+ years until someone threw the bowl in the dishwasher, was fantastic.The only con was the fact that the dishwasher destroyed the bowl which cracked up.Guess my children might have sat on it and broken it etc also, was considering thestainless steel version, but fell in love with this versions looks, and the handylight weight feel.To describe this version, the outside bowl is clear, the inside colander and alltrim are green.  Very pleasant to look at vs the clinical clear, black and white looksof the original.  It is beautifully designed with a non- slip base, a lock so that the pop uphandle which you press down to spin can be locked down for storage, and a buttonto stop the spin immediately with a brake.  All features identical to the old version.
I bought this to replace a KitchenAid spinner.  The models work with the pump, so they seem to &#34;dry&#34; the greens comparably.The pluses to the OXO vs. the Kitchen Aid are that:- Takes up less space, while holding a similar amount of greens- Is SOO much more attractive- It doesn't have a center support, so it is easier to clean and use (the basket is just a slotted bowl, while the spinning mechanism is part of the lid)- It is more dishwasher friendlyOverall, I really enjoy this spinner and use it all of the time.  A spinner is definitely something that you think is weird gadget, until you get one and then you find you use it all of the time.
The green just adds more of an aesthetic flair to it. I love it. I've never had a problem with it, have had it for awhile. Oxo usually always stands behind their products, and pride themselves in making quality products in general. Though I'm bias and am clearly an oxo junkie, I love this. I use it for herbs, salads, washing and drying fruits, veggies and even pasta. The rubber ring on the bottom of the bowl is probably my favorite part-I like it more than I thought I would. Would buy it again and again. It's just made well.
I have had this spinner for about 6 months and I love it.  I have a very small kitchen and the large spinner is just too large to store.  This one will hold 1 romaine heart at a time so I just do several batches of lettuce at once.  Once it is spun, I put it into a ziploc bag in the produce drawer and it will last for 2-3 weeks (I have a fairly new fridge-that helps).  The money I saved on lettuce alone paid for this very quickly.  Also the little black button you see in the photo stops the spinning-very nice to be able to do.
I've been using a manual (hand crank) spinner for some years and the force builds up like a spin cycle in a washing machine - when you take off the cover, the lettuce, or spinach, or whatever you're cleaning, is completely dry and ready to work with.  I wanted to try the "push button" version, however, when I opened it up and looked it over, I wondered immediately how enough force was going to build up to actually spin off all the water, since that is no longer in your control and is up to the "button."  I tried it with spinach and romaine, and unfortunately, the leaves were still water-droplet covered.  A good spinner will leave the leaves almost entirely dry, and gorgeously ready to use.  Am sending back immediately and going to try a different one.  Why o why did I leave the one I loved w/ the ex?
My spinner finally gave out and no one makes it anymore. I prefer the string pull as i feel it gets the water out faster and better but this is a close second. This spinner is really nice! I got the smaller one and it is a perfect size! Thick plastic and the spinner push works great. It really does get all the water out. The push stopper works great but i feel it has a time limit as to how long it will last but lets see. I really love it.
Again, I am amazed at the versatility of this spinner.  I find that I can keep my salad GREEN and unspoiled for about 3 weeks.  Still very good taste.  Normally, am afraid of these things, because they usually promise more than they give, but believe you will love it.  It even has a brake on it!!  I find gentle pushing of the plunger on top is best.  After reading some other ratings that others had trouble with breakage, I was a bit concerned, but all worries aside.  You will LOVE it!!
It costs less than the OXO Spinner (the rounder shape--the one we had for years, but the bottom finally cracked and we needed to replace it after 8 or 10 years or so) and it looks so much nicer.  The plastic is much denser and clearer, it takes up less room in the fridge, and is deinitely nice enough to use as a salad serving bowl as well.  Love this thing! And it feels so sturdy and well made, I think it will last a really long time.
Save your money.  This was not my first salad spinner--I have two (one small, one large) rather inexpensive spinners I purchased from TJ Maxx and Marshall's, and those work MUCH BETTER than OXO's version.I consume most of my veggies raw and eat salad at least twice daily.  I use a huge variety of greens (butter lettuce, red or green leaf lettuce, frisee, dandelion, kale, watercress, arugula, spinach, microgreens, etc.), veggies (mushrooms, zucchini, cucumber, peppers, tomatoes, fennel, etc.), fruit and herbs, so a salad spinner is something that never leaves the counter top.  Don't get me wrong--the OXO will dry you veggies--they just won't get them bone dry.  My greens are still damp after a few spins.  My other spinners will get them totally dry with half the effort (and cost!)
I purchased this salad spinner to replace an old one that was falling apart.  What an improvement!  I like the way this one doesn't slide around on the counter when it's in use.  I love the "push button" operation--much easier to use than cranking a handle on my previous spinner.  Another advantage of this product is easy cleaning--the top separates easily so it can be cleaned well, and it's all fine for use in the dishwasher.I use it to clean cut-up vegetables in addition to salad greens--great for soaking them and drying them thoroughly before roasting in the oven.  It's a great little product--I'd recommend it to anyone.
I bought this salad spinner when the one I purchased at Target broke. It had a pull cord that jammed, so I was looking to avoid that feature. This one works great. I normally do two spins to be very thorough. I spin once, open it up, take out the basket, tip out any liquid, shake the lettuce in the basket, reassemble and spin once more. If you're prepping a lot of greens, I recommendProgressive International LKS-06 Lettuce Keeperto store lettuce for a week+. Also, this might just be me, but I'm not totally comfortable using the bowl to serve from as others have described. I mean, aren't you spinning off water that is removing dirt and chemicals from the greens? And aren't those chemicals and dirt thus being spun onto the sides of the bowl? It would make a nice serving bowl, but I'd probably wash it post spin and pre serve.
This really is the best.  But, as mentioned on America's Test Kitchen, dont overload the spinner, and dont expect the greens to be bone dry.  The only thing that competes is the time honored method of whirling a pillowcase with your greens.  Both methods can be done one handed.  Granted, the time honored way uses more calories, but it also requires a great deal more space (unless you want to hit your guests in the face or some other body part.)  Also great for those &quot;delicate&quot; fruits, as raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, etc.Even better, the handle locks down so it doesnt take up tons of space in the cupboard!.  There is also a cover that you can use, if you wish to store the greens in the frig for a period.
My wife bought this a while back, and my first thought was that this was a gimmick designed to part a fool from his money.  But after using it to make a salad and then using it to preserve lettuce in airtight jars I can definitely speak for the value of a salad spinner.  This thing has saved me a lot of time in trying to dry my lettuce before preserving it or using it in my salads.  Looks like I was the fool for not believing in the hype, but this is well worth the small amount of money spent.
Salad spinners have now been with us for 30 or more years, and if you're going to buy one, the Oxo, like almost all Oxo kitchen tools,  is among the best. But for the cost of an Oxo I can buy a crate of kitchen towels, and it doesn't take any more time to lay lettuce on a towel than it does to get out the spinner, rinse it, spin the lettuce, dry the spinner and put it away. Buy a dozen towels and just toss each one in the laundry after use.
Before Hurricane Katrina, I owned both a large and small OXO GOOD GRIPS salad spinner. They are the easiest to use for arthritic hands. Just push down on the top, and it spins it's little heart out. And it has a button to put the brakes on!! I had used several types before these, but these are by far the best. I would recommend these to anyone. I am still trying to replace everything I lost a little at at time(19 months post-Katrina), and will soon be buying 2 brand new, mold-free, OXO salad spinners.
This is a product that was clearly designed by someone who doesn't use a salad spinner...or maybe someone with really big hands.It's attractive and very sturdy, and the big push knob does lock in the down position easily. And it doesn't slip around when you are spinning it.BUT:- it's heavy and has no way to hold it one-handed, due to its large size and slippery material.- to spin a decent amount of water out, you have to push the knob fast and use a lot of force.- there is no spout, so you have to take the lid off, pour out water (and it takes both hands to hold the bowl so you need a place to set down the lid and to set down the strainer full of lettuce)Unfortunately I had already recycled the box before using this so I couldn't return it.  So, I donated it to a nonprofit thrift shop.  Maybe there is someone with huge, strong hands who can use it!
I bought this to replace my old OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner (OXO SoftWorks Salad Spinner) when the bowl shattered. OXO has made several updates to the salad spinner, making it better than ever!I like the new bowl: it is made of thicker, sturdier plastic. The wider, flat bottom makes the bowl very sturdy, and the new shape is easier to pick up. I also love the flat lid; it makes it a lot easier to stack foods in the fridge.The new lid design makes the whole thing easier to clean and dry.I like it so much, I plan to buy a second spinner to keep in the fridge, always filled with salad greens.
My old salad spinners were cheap.  What a difference a few dollars make!  It does the job extremely well -- it's fast and effecient. This one is much easier to use.  I love the stop feature and the rubberized footing that keeps it stable on the counter.  Dishwasher safe and has a storage lid.  What more could you want.  I've found that the greens keep well in the spinner when you line the basket with paper towels.I enthusiasticly recommend this product to anyone who needs a salad spinner.
I purchased this salad spinner because I moved, and no longer had a roommate to mooch from.  It's solidly constructed, and the brake feature is nice.  This lets you stop the spinning with the push of a button, instead of sticking your hand in or waiting it out.I have 2 main concerns about this product though:1. I wonder if the push down/gearing drive will last longer or shorter than the pull-string variety2. It was a bit pricey for a plastic salad spinner (1/2 an Xbox game pricey)Beyond that, now that I have it I'm enjoying it and use it whenever I make salads.
I like salad spinners and have purchased several, giving away some. They always seem to work, not only rinsing away, cleaning out the natural (and perhaps unnatural) dirt and detritus as well as simply refreshing salad vegetables. Thus, I have to reluctantly recommend this particular item, unless you can find a better one!It is a high price for little more than a glorified cheap plastic salad bowl and colander from an engineer's perspective. For considerably more money, one can buy the putatively &#34;stainless steel&#34; version. But, the stainless steel is pretty much merely cosmetic; the interior spin workings seem the same wimpy plastic as in this bare-bones version.A little better than simply soaking your veggies in a colander inside a bowl of water and then shaking and patting dry with paper toweling. But for the $$$ ?
It does what I bought it to do. One small problem...I have a some arthritis in my fingers so I have trouble when I take the lid apart to clean it.  This is not something I have to do often.  The tabs you need to press to slide the lid open are just to far apart for me.Aside from my physical difficulty with the lid, this is a nice spinner.  It gets my garden greens dried quickly and I really like that.  As others have said, it's attractive.  So, If it ends up sitting out on my prep counter for a couple of days, that's fine.
I bought this because it came in as the top spinner on one of those cooking sites. Although I like it a lot, it does tend to bounce around on the countertop (I have granite so maybe that's the reason). From the previous testing, I expected it to stay put better. Also, I honestly don't think it gets my greens as dry as my old hand-crank spinner. But it's larger than what I had so it's a keeper. I just have to spin more and then lay the greens on a paper towel for a bit.
We used to buy those bags of pre washed lettuce in the grocery store and they would spoil so quickly and were not great.  I bought this so we could buy fresh lettuce instead and it has impressed me.  It is super easy to use- the handle pops up and you just press it down to spin and there's a &#34;brake&#34; too to stop it.  Lettuce stays fresh for days- we store the leftover lettuce in it in the fridge and it's amazing.  Fun for the kids to help spin the salad too.  Overall, I highly recommend this product if you like your lettuce clean and fresh!
The Large size OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner seems to be well made. The gauge of plastic used is heavier than most other models, and the rubber-edged bottom keeps the spinner from sliding around. Easy to clean, and the cover can be disassembled for cleaning as well. Like anything mechanical made of plastic, caution and common sense are in order here: It will last longer if one doesn't press too hard or too quickly on the pump; a few more seconds of patience will put less stress on the mechanism, and keep it functioning longer.
If you eat any greens, this salad spinner is a must have. It can fit a lot, is durable, good for storing washed lettuce, and easy to clean. I have had this salad spinner for a year now and have had no problems and bought one for my mother to use as well. I used to just wash and dry greens myself, which is time consuming and I could never get my greens dry enough, which kind of ruins the salad. This salad spinner makes preparing a salad so fast and really makes your greens so dry! This is such a great product and I can not say enough good things about it!! Buy it!
I have never used a salad spinner before this one and never understood what was so special about them until recently. It just seemed like another lazy persons contraption, but then again I was buying bagged salad. Before using this I would only attempt to make a salad when I wanted to eat it immediately because it would spoil quickly in a regular bowl when kept in the fridge. The spinner not only removes a lot of water(enough you actually have to pour it out!)if you keep the salad in the colander part inside the bowl, the salad doesnt sit in its own moisture and go bad as quickly. So now I'm not only saving money on buying unprepared salad fixings, but also not creating as much waste in packaging and food. Another lazy persons contraption eh?...I think not!
This OXO salad spinner is really wonderful.  It allows me to easily dry lettuce, berries, or any other type of produce.The press pump feature far surpasses spinners that require you to yank or rotate to get traction to spin.  The hard bowl ensures your salad spinners will not change shape while drying over dishes, thus not working until reshaped.  I really think OXO fit the nail on the head with this one.  The pump can even be stored in the down position to serve as a storage vessel for your greens!
I wouldn't prepare a salad without my salad spinner. Placing a paper towel in with the greens helps dry them faster, too.Recently I found a new use for the basket and bowl. They work great for rinsing and sorting dried peas or beans. Put them in the basket, fill the bowl with water, swish and sort, then lift out the basket to drain, and rinse the 'dirty' bowl under running water. Do this a few times and your dried veggies are ready to cook or soak. You can let them soak in the bowl if you wish. This beats my old way of washing dried peas or beans in a heavy bowl or pot.
Firstly this is bigger than you think so measure it out before you order and check you have space to store it. Its very fun to use and I find I do need the capacity, the small one would be too small. I use it for lettuce and spinach. I stop it mid spin, jostle and spin again or I find it doesn't quite dry everything. The lid is in two parts for some reason which makes this a bit bulker on the draining board than needs be. Bought one for my FIL as he found it so fun to use.
This OXO mini salad and herb spinner seems to be holding up the one I bought 6 months ago hadit's spring break after 5 uses. Cannot understand what's up with these mini salad spinners...the one I've been trying to replace lasted 20 years and the only reason I gave it away was because as my family is grown and I'm only spinning lettuce for one person at a timeI figured this would take up less room in the kitchen. BIG MISTAKE as the newer one seem to havea very fragile mechanism.
Washing and adequately drying the greens for a salad has always been a pain.  My daughter has one of these and they have salad every night.  It greatly reduces the time needed to prepare a salad with cleaning of the greens.  I love it and love using it.  I highly recommend this!  It is big and cumbersome but luckily I have 3 refrigerators so I can usually find room for it if I want to save some of the greens that I've cleaned and didn't have room for in the salad bowl.  I can use it for the next meal.
We had been buying the bagged greens, but with the e coli scare we decided no more of that.  My sister recommended the Oxo salad spinner.  It is very easy to use, the spin mechanism works like an old-fashioned children's top. Just pump it, and away it goes.  I pump it a few times, dump out the excess water that drains from the leaves, wipe down the bowl, put on the storage lid, and the lettuce stays fresh and incredibly crisp for a week.  Excellent product.Update:  February 2010I am still using the salad spinner on a regular basis.  Obviously, it's proven to be very durable, and a good investment.
Based on the video demonstration and other reviews, I thought the OXO Good Grips Green Salad Spinner would be a time, paper towel, and dish towel-saver.  Not so fast.  Well, actually, it does spin very fast, and you will have some water in the bottom after rinsing salad greens.  But the greens are still too wet for salad use.  With my old roll-them-in-a-towel method, the clean-up is easy and there is only one step.  At least now when I roll my spinach in towels I will no longer wonder if I would be better off with a spinner.  I'm returning it.
I purchased this a few years back (not from amazon) and loved it. It was big enough to wash a whole green leaf lettuce, spinned nicely, and removed most of the water. However, the lid was accidentally dropped on  the kitchen tile floor and a part on the bottom cracked. From then on it was trouble. The button would push down but not come back up and start the spinning. I tried unsuccessfully to keep using it but it was more effort than it was worth.So... yes I would recommend it, but NEVER drop the plastic lid, as it's the hard type of plastic and will crack on a hard surface. The transparency of the base was really nice to see how much water had been spun out. The rubberized top button was great too. My slippery formica countertop is not so nice when things skate off onto the floor.
I'm going to be eating a lot healthier after getting this great tool, I'll tell you that. I like salads, but my wife and I usually do not make them because of the length of time that it takes to prepare them and clean up, and besides the lettuce usually goes bad within a couple of days. Not so with the Oxo salad spinner. Suddenly, mixing salads has become a piece of cake, with the water going to the bottom.  It keeps lettuce dry and crisp in the refrigerator. In short, it makes salads worth the trouble again. One salad can last us pretty much all week, depending on the ingredients. I only wish it was a little bit cheaper, but that's only because I'm a cheapskate. I'd avoid other brands, which have spotty durability records.(Oh, and we put ours in the dishwasher, top rack, without any trouble).
This review is from: Shany Cosmetics Feather Hair Extension Kit, 8 Ounce (100 Piece Feather Hair, Hook, Beads, Feather Grizzly Solid Mix All-In-One) (Misc.)The salad spinner works great, is attractive and has great action. The lettuce is dry after spinning it. What more could you want?I have had about three or four previous salad spinners that cost 1/3 as much and they worked well also and were much lighter and easier to store. It's for this reason I give it only four stars because I think the cheaper ones do just as good a job and are easier to handle.Nevertheless, it is a fine spinner.
hmm Im not getting the salad drying efficiency that everyone else is claiming.  I had a generic cord one for years, and one rip on the cord and it spun fast and got all the liquid off.  This one I sit there pressing the button repeatedly and some liquid comes off.  I guess it's better than nothing.  It looks like it's working properly.  It spins fast.  It just doesn't seem to dry as well.  Maybe im picky I dunno.
After several years of looking at these and thinking do I really need one I can now say YES I really do.  I was sure it was just one of those items that I would hardly use but I find different uses for it all the time.  With the pumping mechanism as opposed to pulling a string this is much better you don't have the bowl skidding off on you.  Not to mention it's so easy my husband actually can use it and although the man can operate a power tool really well ...kitchen gadgets are usually a whole different animal.  I would definitely recommend this product.
LOVE this salad spinner.  It sits out on the counter, as I use it so often.  I got so tired of wasting money on the prepackaged salads, because it would go bad shortly after opening the package.  So I buy bulk in all the salad greens, make enough salad to fill this container and then bag it myself.  The salad lasts MUCH longer!!  Absolutely no regrets in getting this easy salad spinner, large enough to fill a gallon size storage bag, easy to spin....just push down several times, and it gets rid of the moisture.  Another plus is that it's easy to clean.
This is one heck of a spinner! I've darn near gotten up to centrafuge speeds with just a few easy pumps. Great for drying off all kinds of fruits and vegetables. What I use it for most is drying potato slices before making french fries. This spinner dries them better than any other method I've tried.One bit of advice: Just because the bowl is so big, don't take that as an invitation to fill it. I've found that most people who've had bad experiences with salad spinners overloaded the spinner.Like all Oxo products, this spinner is designed to be easy to operate even if you have weak or frail hands. If you have any problems gripping things in your kitchen, I strongly suggest looking over the full line of Oxo products. The oversized handles (in this case, the part you press down rather than grip) are a godsend. Don't let hand problems keep you out of your kitchen!
this thing is large, so plan on eating  alot of lettuce.  It's great, works well, and spins fast.  The bottom bowl doesn't have holes in it so make sure you don't rinse the lettuce in both of them and then expect to spin it dry.  We used to do that with our last spinner.  We also did rinse lettuce one time and filled up bottom bowl with water, minor inconvience that we weren't used to.  We have changed the way we spin lettuce rinsing in the green strainer part then shaking that a couple of times in the sink and then on the salad spinner.  The kids love to push this handle down.  It's firm and strong.  Worth the money to my wife.  $30 bucks to spin lettuce, not worth it to me.  The old one still worked.
I love drying my lettuce in this Gadget, I have been saving in Paper Towels since I got it, the OXO Salad Spinner, the Large one makes salads so much easier and faster. I did not care for all the washing and cutting involved making a salad I never bought the pre-packages of mix greens, didn't care for them, so now I have no more excuses to eat salads. This Gadget is so simple to operate and it is kind of Fun, I think I'm gonna start spinning for Health again!... Check Pictures Posted, Thank You
I am tickled pink with this apple corer! We lost the old one (same model) in a house move, and I replaced it with a cheap one from the supermarket. It was so bad that my infinitely patient husband who never in 13 years has complained about a gadget asked me to get a better one! It was that bad.  I got the OXO now, and it's a pleasure to use.  Be cautious though, those blades are actually very sharp on the bottom side. Excellent!
You may have recalled a previous apple slicer review of mine.  I enjoy them so much I can't help but review another one.  It's just a lot of fun taking an apple and slicing it into eight handy and adorable little slices.  Whether you use green apples, red apples, Granny Smith, whatever.  This slicer will deliciously make eating apples exciting.  If you're a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product.  The apple will taste better, believe me.  You won't have to mess around with no silly core.  Just don't go around shopping online without your parents permission.
Depending on the apple you use this on, it will not be completely ready to eat afterwards.Sprays a bit of apple juice from the force when you use it. Put a plate in the sink and then put the apple on the plate and press down. Sprays a bit of Apple Juice "Mist."Depending on form of apple will be ready to eat. Otherwise must remove some left-over core with knife.Easy to remove skin after using with a knife.Overall good I guess quicker than cutting with knife.
I love this apple cutter! I hate biting into apples so this is the only way I will eat them. I keep one apple cutter at the office and one at home and use each of them a couple of times a week (we go through a lot of apples in season at my house). It has a large surface area to fit some of the bigger apples and very sharp blades to cut through any tough spots (like when you cut the core by accident like I always do).My only problem is that the blades are really sharp! This is great for apple cutting and why this product works so well but I have cut my fingers on it numerous times. I have to always make sure to pick up the cutter by the handles.p.s. My mom has the Progressive version of this apple cutter and it doesn't work nearly as well. The blades are not as sharp so I always have to strugle a little when I use hers.
Our family eats a lot of apples and pears. We have gone through a number of apple slicers. Initially we had an OXO - which is sharp, but the handle broke off pretty quickly. Next, I got an all metal one, but it wasn't very sharp. So, I went back to OXO. It worked fairly well for about a year. It is sharp, but the plastic parts began getting cracks pretty quickly. We still used it until the other day a handle broke off while I was using it. The sharp plastic piece cut my hand open and it hurt like crazy. I won't be buying this one again.
My daughter loves me to slice apples for her, but in a hurry it can be time consuming. This is an awesome time saver! It cuts it into 8 slices (I cut each of those in half further, because she's 3 and I don't want her to choke on a big bite). It doesn't usually cut all the way through the very bottom of the apple (which is why I gave it a 4 out of 5), but I think that's a safety precaution. If you simply grip the top of the apple that has already been cut and pull up, it will finish slicing through. I love OXO brand and this is yet another product that they've made well!
I've had this corer/divider for a few years now and it's okay, not horrible, but not great either. The problem is that I've had to replace this thing a few times because OXO is too cheap to make this out of sturdy plastic and it will crack. I only hand wash it and it cracked under almost no pressure. I also found I had to select my apples with the corer/divider in mind, picking only the straightest apples and not the apples that looked the best...Then I purchased a metal one of these devices made by another manufacturer, you don't know what you're missing. The metal ones can handle any apple and handle it effortlessly. Save your money and get an all metal one.
I like the Oxo better than the Calphalon Easy Grip Apple Slicer (http://www.amazon.com/Calphalon-Easy-Grip-Apple-Slicer/dp/B000SOAT0Y). I've used the Oxo daily for several years, and recently bought the Calphalon and used it daily for 3 months.I actually prefer the &#34;recessed&#34; blade design of the Oxo. This keeps the blade sharper MUCH longer, especially if you cut on a ceramic plate like I do. To cut that last bit of apple skin, just grab the mostly-sliced apple and pull up with a bit of a wiggling motion.Also, I prefer the slimmer profile of the Oxo. The Calphalon's larger handles are unnecessary and take up too much space in the &#34;gadget drawer&#34;.
This is the first apple corer I've bought, and honestly I feel stupid for not buying one sooner. It has turned what used to be a 10-15 minute task into a 3-minute one, and the end result is a lot more consistent and attractive than the slices I did by hand.This corer does take a bit of upper body strength to use and the plastic feels a little flimsy (with one particularly tough apple I was kind of afraid it would snap in half), but the grips are solid, the blades are sharp and really for $10 I doubt there's a better deal out there.
Daily use for months now without a problem.  It works great on apples and pears, cuts them to 8 equal pieces.  The blade side on mine is really sharp, best cleaned with a dish brush (I've cut myself a couple of times on it.)  Can't say I'd recommend letting the kids use it.  The only criticism I have is sometimes it's hard to remove the core at the center, but otherwise it works really well.  In response to one of the other reviews: you should check to see if the stem and the flower end line up to minimize capturing some of the core in your slices.  This is especially true if your fruit is somewhat odd shaped--you may have to line up your stroke.
In general, I like this corer.  It pushes easily through apples and cuts them neatly.  However, I usually then have to go over all the pieces and remove the small amount of residual core left on the slices.  I guess this is common with most corers?  I don't know, since this is the only one I've ever owned.Another feature which turns out to be very annoying is that it cuts the apples into extremely thick slices.  Most recipes I've used call for slices about half the thickness, so I have to re-slice everything.Despite all this, I still like the corer because I hate coring apples by hand and this does do the initial task very quickly and painlessly.  Also, an apple halfway sliced is still better than one not sliced at all.
This apple corer/slicer is a awesome for the non-OCD apple cutter. It's sturdy and sharp and gets the job done well. The only issue is that the metal pieces in the middle are glues together such that small chunks of apple get stuck, no matter how much you wash it. Most people would not be bothered by this, but as a microbiologist I find this very disconcerting and wishing it was one solid piece. Aside from this little flaw, it's been a very wonderful little utensil.
The Oxo apple corer is easy to use, and the wide angle handles keep your hands out of the way of the apple.  I really like the grip material as it helps keep you steady on the downward press.  The corer seems most efficient on small to medium apples, because with large ones, I tend to get a bit of core on 1 or 2 slices of apple. (original review from September 9, 2011)****edit June 20, 2014....Just purchased a second one of these corer/dividers, and not to replace the first one from 2011.  The 2011 one is still going!  This second one is to replace the numerous others ones that have broken since 2011.  I finally wised up and did not purchase the a replacement that hangs conveniently beside the apples in the local grocery store.  And instead, ordered and received my second Oxo apple corer.  From a household who uses the product daily, and has used and broken numerous other brands, buy a long lasting OXO.
Since we eat a lot of fruit around my house, this is an item that gets a real workout. It is essentially used on a daily basis.This corer/divider is well designed and comfortable to use with its cushioned grips. The blades are very sharp and slice through fruit almost like a hot knife through butter, just a bit of downward pressure is needed to get the corer going. The central - circular piece for coring - is larger than on comparable items by other manufacturers which makes the entire process of coring and dividing apples or pears so much easier.In general, I have always appreciated the sound ergonomic design of OXO kitchen tools/gadgets and this one will not disappoint.Buy one of these soon and start eating all those apples/pears, etc. that your're processing on a regular basis for a healthier lifestyle. The life you save may be your own!
Although I like the design--especially the non-skid feet--I'm ultimately very disappointed in this grater. Like other reviewers, I've found that after less than six weeks of use, the plastic has started cracking.Contrary to what other reviewers have said, however, you CAN separate the two halves of the grater for cleaning or storage, but I was disappointed by how you can barely spread the grater's feet out more than a few inches...I wish it had a full range of movement. As it is, you can only position the feet about 4 inches apart. I was hoping for a wider foot print for things like quesadillas.Overall, a disappointing product. Neat design, bad materials.
I originally got this grater about two years ago and gave it a very good rating based on the ease of use and cleaning; however, I am amending my opinion after having small cracks appear in the plastic beside both grating surfaces.  These cracks quickly grew bigger until finally the item is unusable.I guess for the low price you can buy a new one every couple of years but really, a kitchen tool should last longer than a year or two.  I'd rather pay more and have it last.  It seems that many people have been having this same problem.Good design.  Flawed execution.  This will make me think twice before buying an OXO product again!
I bought one of these, thinking that the price is pretty reasonable. I got what I paid for.When you try to slide out the grater, so that you can clean inside of the ridges that hold the two plates into place, it's awkward, because you have to align it just so, or else it won't come out. I'd toss it in the dishwasher after using it. After the first round (we don't use the drying cycle, because it costs so much electricity), it came out with multiple cracks along the side. A couple months later, the plastic underneath the fine grater broke off. That made it so that the black piece up top is absolutely useless, because now it won't rest comfortably on the table. Then, the wide side broke.I went to walmart, and got an $8 box grater. That thing is solid.
I am usually a fan of OXO products but I have noticed lately that they are not as good as they used to be with shoddy execution or questionable workmanship.  I, like everyone else, was hoping this would be the solution to my storage issues with graters but it proved useless less than a year later and with little use to stress the thing out (almond paste and cheddar cheese were the only things I used it for).  It developed cracks in the plastic that are impossible to repair.  Also, I do not think this is a good grater for the supposed market of arthritic people - it can be difficult to put together.So, in short, it stinks for those suffering pain in their hands and for those who cook.  Save your money and just buy a KitchenAid grater.
I had hopes when I bought this one, as I have usually had success with OXO products.Sadly, this grater was not one of those successes.  I didn't pay a lot for it, around $10 and it lasted about 6 months.  But the plastic gave way on the sides, so now I only have the side that is for finer grating.  Which I don't do that often.  The cracks start at the corners of the steel grating piece and eventually they just break completely.It needs a stronger design and then it would be much better.
For parmesan cheese, lemon rind and fine delicate grating, I swear by my Microplane zester and grater.  I have another shredder from Williams Sonoma that is extremely sturdy but must either be held at an angle over paper/plate or across a bowl flat, and that's sometimes awkward.  I thought the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater would be different than my box grater because it would be more structurally sound, have a better handle, collapse and take up less space, and mainly because I'm very pleased with the brand.Wrong.  This has fallen apart after falling into the plate many times.  The plastic has cracked on both sides, so the fact that it's collapsible makes me wonder if they were referring to the material and not the design.  The blades have remained sharp but it's going to be recycled today because it simply doesn't hold up to the task.
I was disappointed that this grater only lasted for a couple of weeks. At first it broke into two pieces, so I could only use one half (even when it stood upright as pictured, it never did stay open or grip the counter- it was never stable, and either closed or fell down while grating). Then I was left with a flat grater that was difficult to use. The piece that was left cracked on the corners, and broke apart within a couple of uses. Usually Oxo makes great products. This is not a good product. Save your money and buy a different model grater. You will be happier with an all metal model for sure!
I purchased the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater back when I was first outfitting my kitchen.  At the time, I really disliked box graters because they're hard to clean and once you use it, you couldn't use any of the other sides later without cleaning the entire thing.So, I bought this multi grater because it's easier to clean than a box grater and you can take apart each side and use them individually.  The grater is quite sharp and worked well with hard cheeses as well as soft.  After a couple of years of use, the side with larger grating holes broke.  The plastic surrounding the metal grate snapped.  Now the other side is starting to go.  All in all, it was a decent purchase but didn't stand the test of time like I would have liked.  I'm starting to rethink the box grater idea.
As it is, this grater is awkward to use.  It is not sturdy when it is standing up.I ended up taking it apart and using each side as a flat grater.  It worked MUCH better this way.Unfortunately, the plastic around the coarse grater side broke and became unusable.It's not a bad grater, but just not long-lasting.I noticed that they have redesigned this grater by making it more metal, less plastic.  I am going to give it a try.I'll still take it apart and use it as a flat grater, but it seems to be much more durable than this model.
I'm giving this brush 4 stars instead of 5 because its natural bristles don't last as long as I'd like. That said, I love this brush. I'm about to reorder several more. I use it for everything from scrubbing produce (don't let anybody here tell you it won't scrub potatoes) to cleaning up pots, pans, and sinks. The handle is comfortable and the brush is the perfect shape for a wide variety of kitchen tasks. I wish I could get more than two or three months of service out of these, but despite that, as long as Amazon offers these things I'll keep buying them -- sometimes the most useful products aren't the longest lasting.
I find this brush to be good for some things, but not for others.  The bristles are too short to fit in the cracks and crevices of things like bell peppers, apple tops/bottoms and knobby or uneven root vegetables.  At first, the bristles were much too stiff, but have softened up, with use.  It is easy to clean and hold, especially for aching hands, but you still need another veggie brush for the things this one can't do.  It works well for scrubbing cutting boards and the like.  I would buy again, but it isn't the only one to own.
I am not impressed with this brush, I purchased it after my old wood brush was ruined by a none to careful member of my family.  I figure with all the five star ratings its probably a good deal, and it sort of is, its just that I like to get the dirt off my veggies quick and use the brush to take a little top layer off as well this one can not do that.  It still works and does clean-up well, its just not as good as my prior brush. If I had bought this from a local store I would probably taken it back, but as it was purchased from Amazon its my veggie brush.
My wife wanted a good, stiff, vegetable brush.She laughed, and laughed, when she got this in the mail for a Christmas present. She says she could have gotten it at the local grocery store.But she loves it. One of the best stocking stuffers ever.(My wife is very, very difficult to please when it comes to kitchen gadgets --- actually she's hard to please in all respects, but that's a different story -- so, I was relieved to hear her say she loved this brush.)
I actually have 2 of these now... one I use for vegetables and one I use for cast iron cleaning on occasion. So far so good on both uses.The brush is durable. ergonomic and fits nicely in your hand to do almost any job. Potato scrubbing is a breeze as are carrots, celery, beets and just about any veggie you can imagine as well as apples and some other fruits. The bristles are perfect for this purpose, hard enough to do the scrubbing, yet soft enough not to damage or cut into the skin or fiber of the veggies/fruit.I also use one for an occasional scrub of some of my cast iron cookware. Again, a good combination of not too harsh bristles that can still do a little cleaning of this sort.Very happy with the purchase and it is hard to beat this price as an add-on.
This review is from: OXO Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush (Kitchen)This is a good vegetable brush that you can use to scrub dirt off of potatoes and many other vegetables. I can't get excited about it though because I think it would be a lot better if it were a little bigger.The quality of the brush and the deal are pretty good. Sure it fits into the center of a palm, but I think it's marketed to make a weakness sound like strength. I'd like a bigger brush, ideally, with the same quality.
A well equipped kitchen should have three veggie brushes including a firm bristle brush for old potatoes, and a soft bristle brush for mushrooms. Many of us have small kitchens with limited drawer space and prefer to simplify when possible. There is no all-purpose veggie brush but this one comes close. This small medium bristle brush can easily be held in the fingers to apply heavy pressure on old white potatoes and a very, very light touch for mushrooms. It is perfect for most everything else, including the easy removal of silk from fresh corn. It is a keeper.
Most of OXO products I find to be comfortable to use and this brush isn't any different--fits perfectly in the palm of your hand and gives enough traction for scrubbing.  The bristles are very stiff, I find it hard to use on delicate mushrooms, but great for scrubbing a potato.  The clear bristles have discolored a bit over time as we have mineral-rich water, and I find it not so easy to clean--have to wedge it just right in a dishwasher or try to get soap up into the bristle area.  But, it's been going strong for two years and overall I recommend it.
I had just about given up on cooking potatoes with the skin left on because I couldn't for the life of me seem to get them clean enough to get rid of that nasty dirt flavor.Ahhhhh. This little brush works wonders. I glad I happened across it and got it. When you are cleaning the tater you can see the difference between an uncleaned spot and a clean spot. The brush is large enough to make even big spuds quick work.I'm 6 foot tall and have about average to large hands and the brush is just the right size. If your hands are bigger the brush should still be perfect. If you are petite and have really small hands you may want to get a brush with a handle.
This is the best vegetable brush I've ever used!  My old one was really soft and barely got the dirt off of vegetables.  The bristles on this one are just right!  Stiff enough to really clean the veggies (I've never had cleaner baked potatoes!) and soft enough that it doesn't tear the skins, even on the thinner-skinned sweet potatoes!  I just love it and it has a place of honor right above my sink, in easy reach!  The size and grip is perfect, too!  Love it!Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush
I bought this for $3.99 and the shipping on it was free, by itself.  It feels secure in your hand and it has done a good job so far.  I would not recommend that you use it as a replacement for a peeler, but it definitely deserves your consideration to scrub the dirt and chemicals from the outside layer of vegetables.The circular grip is something that will probably be hit or miss for some people, as would a long handle for other people.  I like the ergonomics of this product and I think others would as well.
I've used many vegetable brushes, mostly the horseshoe shaped with a handle, purchased from stores such as Sears,pennies, the ...marts, & kitchen stores. I was skeptical of the positive reviews about this one. I haven't had it a week yetbut so far it is clearly the best I've ever used! I've cleaned large carrots, turnips, & parsnips with it. I am impressed how well it fits in my hand & the ease & superior way it cleans. Not only better cleaning but faster. Strongly recommend.
I have had this brush for more than a year.  And yes it still looks new.  It work so well on root vegetables. (Potatoes, carrots, etc)  I have used it to clean celery and wash fruit.  The bristles aren't soft but they are not stiff either.  Just right for my needs. And the sand and grit, the dirt all of this is gone without peeling.  I used to peel all my potatoes, now the new ones are eaten with the skin on and the thicker ones if they are baked well Hey I can eat the skin and not worry about "cleanliness" I love the potato skins on my baked potatoes.  This little brush added to my gustatory pleasure.
I've never used a vegetable brush before, but after scrubbing potato skins until my skin started to prune, I figured I'd try it when it was on sale.Wow! I didn't realize how well a simple device like this could work! Scrubs and cleans potato skins perfectly, and about 90 percent faster than scrubbing with your fingers alone.This is just a great little implement, one of those things that makes an annoying chore go so much faster.Highly recommend for "non brush" types like myself.
I generally appreciate OXOs thought into design, and this brush is no exception.  It's a little bigger than the last one I had, which I didn't love when I saw it in person, but in the end it's comfortable to hold and it gets the job done.  The size comes in handy when scrubbing potatoes, etc, it's much less &#34;handy crampy&#34; than my last one was.  Would buy again, would certainly recommend this for any cook getting older and having arthritis issues.
This scrubber is great!  It is inexpensive, visually unintrusive, and gets the job done.  Fits perfectly in the palm of your hand.  I had been concerned about the 'handle' being rock hard after reading some other reviews.  Sure it isn't soft and squishy, but it is somewhat pliable and feels comfortable in your hand.  Easy to clean.  The bristles are very strong, much stronger than other veggie scrubbers I have had in the past.All in all, you won't be disappointed with this little veggie scrubber!Update:After using the scrubber for about a month, the bristles are getting a bit limp.  I'm not sure if this is because I put it through the dishwasher or just general breaking in.  It still does the job and is a good value for the money.  I'm not returning it, but I definitely see why all the other folks complain about the bristle stiffness.
For under $4, every kitchen should have one of these veggie scrubbers!  It fits nicely in the palm of my hand, scrubs vegetables and cleans up easily with a toss into the dishwasher.After several uses, I've yet to see brush strands come loose - a problem I have had with previous veggie scrubbers.  I've used it on potatoes, yams, cucumbers and celery.  The brush bristles are strong enough to clean and soft enough not to scrape the veggie.I have no complaints.  I highly recommend this bargain vegetable brush.
The brush seems to be well-made and is very comfortable, but the bristles are extremely firm, I think they would only work on veggies like carrots and potatoes. The handle of this brush appears to be made completely of a rubberized plastic and is about 3 1/2 inches x 2 inches. The bristles are very short at about 1/2 of an inch long. As for the supposed "flexible" quality of the brush, I haven't noticed any flexilibity so I don't really know what they are talking about, but that is neither here nor there.
I've been looking for a really good vegetable brush for awhile now and hip hip hooray I've found the perfect brush. It has sturdy bristles, not to big, does the best job and fit perfectly in my palm. I've tried a number of vegetable brushes before only to throw them out because their bristle have gone limp on the job after a short usage. I've purchased OXO brand items before and have been very happy with the items. I can now say with full confidence that the vegetable brush can be added to the list of very dependable products. It does an especially fine job on potatoes and lemons. I'm so glad that I chose this particular vegetable brush.
I've just received this today, March 28, 2009, and have already put it to good use cleaning potatoes while preparing to roast them.  I find this vegetable brush a LOT easier to hold and use than other vegetable brushes I have used in the past!  It fits easily into my hand and does not slip out while cleaning potatoes under running water.  I've also used this to clean celery and it came out great!  I'm looking forward to testing this product on other root vegetables such as beets and carrots.  I am curious as to how it will stand up to corn on the cob still shrouded in silk and what other vegetables to try this on.  As soon as I can test it with corn silk, or any other vegetable, I'll be updating this review.
From reading the description, I was thinking this brush was soft and floppy.  Luckily, the "flexible" part must refer to the bristles, rather than the brush itself.The top of the brush is made with the standard Oxo soft rubber.  It is molded to fit easily and naturally in the palm of a hand, and is very easy to hold, even when wet.  The bristles are firm enough to get the dirt off mushrooms or potatoes, but not so firm that they damage the skins.It is a very useful little brush, doesn't take up much space in a drawer, and is easy to hold and use.  Plus, it feels more expensive than it is, which is always nice!
I have used this vegetable brush for just over a year, and it still looks brand new.  The bristles have not bent or fallen out.  It fits into the hand nicely, and is easy to use. The bristles are stiff enough to take care of business, but not so stiff that they rip up the skins on the vegetables.  Because the bristles are not harsh, I also use the brush on my hands to clean off ground-in dirt or paint.  Best of all, I can pop it into the dishwasher and restore it to germ-free cleanliness.  I am very satisfied with this product.
This is the best veggie scrubber I ever bought. The handle is easy to hold and the bristles are stiff. You can easily scrub all the dirt off of a potato and by using light pressure it also works well for delicate vegetables like mushrooms. I also like it because when I feel like it needs a deep cleaning I just throw it in the dishwasher (which also kills bacteria). I have had it for a couple of months and it is still in great shape. When I do need a new one I will buy this exact same one again.
I have always had mushroom brushes but as I began to include more fresh vegetable in my diet I started looking for a good, all purpose vegetable brush.  That was several years ago and since then I've collected several.  The thing that I like about the Oxo is that it is easy to hold onto even though I have large hands.My only complaint is that it is a little soft for giving potatoes that thorough scrub that they need.  It works but I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles (which I have so no big deal).  I've owned this for close to a year and it looks like new.  I have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years.
OXO didn't really do anything to reinvent the vegetable brush on this product -- which is odd considering fixing something that isn't quite right about a utensil is their core business. I've used other vegetable brushes that work equally well and feel equally comfortable in my hand. The one thing that makes this brush nicer than the others I've used is a more stylish look which lets me leave it out on my countertop by the sink. The bristles also seem stiffer and haven't showed any signs of wearing down like an old toothbrush. That may happen later with more use, but so far, so good!UPDATE: After over a year of use, I can say this is still the best little vegetable brush I've ever bought. The bristles are STILL stiff, and that's with a lot of use over the past year. It's worth the extra money.
By far the best veggie brush ever. The bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes I've used before, they don't flatten out. The shape is ergonomically perfect, at least for me and much easier to use than those with handles. Morever, whether it's because of the bristles or that I'm able to grip it really well, potatoes get REALLY clean. I've even used it on tomatoes (don't exert a lot of pressure), celery, grapefruit, oranges, turnips, parsnips, and carrots. I'm even thinking of getting another one to use for pots and pans - to get baked-on goo off. It's that well made and sturdy. And, it's dishwasher safe. This is a product that's both reasonably priced and does exactly what it's supposed to do. No bells, no whistles, it just works!
Here's a tip:  spray the spatula with Pam, then wipe it with a paper towel.  Rewipe every dozen cookies.Between this spatula, cookie scoop and my airbake cookie sheets, I feel like a real cookie pro.  Cookies practically levitate off the sheet and onto the cooling rack.  The gooey melty ones don't even stick--if you spray the spatula first.Take care.  This spatula is very thin and you must treat it like a lady.  It is not for flipping pancakes or burgers.  It if for lifting cookies.  This is a specialized tool.  Store it by hanging it from the handle if you can and wash it by hand.
This is yet another item I bought based on a recommendation from Cooks Illustrated.  In the interest of full disclosure I have to admit that I've only used it for removing cookies so far but it has performed great.  I'm not into making huge half pound burgers but I can easily imagine this being sturdy enough to handle quarter pound burgers like I prefer and other items that are not excessively heavy.  It was a purchase that I don't have any regrets about making and I recommend it to anybody looking for a good dependable spatula.
I had picked one of these ones up from TJ maxx one time and gave it away then couldnt find it anywhwere.. It is perfect for flipping fish, over medium or over easy eggs and delicate desserts/ fresh baked cookies. It has a very think steel plate for a head and it is nice and wide, about 4 inches and has just the right flexibility and firmess when you need it.  nice longhandle makes it good for grilling fish and not burning your hand. Defintely reccomend to anyone who is a lover of kitchen gadgets and tools or bakes a lot. . I will use this for ever!
This spatula is incredible for cookies, and most likely for getting under fried eggs as well.  I don't use it for eggs because I use non-stick pans and I don't ever want to scratch them, but boy am I tempted to use this with them anyway (carefully, of course).  The super thin blade slides under cookies with amazing ease, and I wish I'd discovered this spatula years ago if only for cookies.  It certainly does appear fragile to some extent, but with proper care (and perhaps not using it to turn heavy things) it should last a long time.  I wouldn't throw it carelessly around in drawers, for example.  Great spatula, recommended for sure!
I bought this spatula to use with my cast iron skillet. It does a really great job for foods like fried eggs and bacon and smaller items. It is thin enough to easily get under delicate foods and light enough that I do not have to worry about damaging the seasoning on my pan.However, it is very flexible, as the description says. I feel like I have to be careful not to be too rough with it when I clean it or when dealing with heavier foods, as it seems like it would be easy to permanently put a crease in it.If you do a lot of cast-iron cooking, I would definitely recommend this spatula. Easily scrapes burnt-on bits off the pan and slides under foods easily.
I just love this fexible spatula.  I just bought a new frying pan and decided it was time I learned to cook eggs over easy.  Well I tried the expensive flexible one from Sonoma and the eggs broke in the pan.  My kitchen-aide spatula couldn't do the job either. I just happened to see this spatula in the grocery store and figured I'd give it a try.  Well, lo and behold, it does everything I ever wanted a spatula to do.  I  can flip eggs like a pro now.Oxo Good Grips Silicone Flexible TurnerMarylynEdited to add, Beware the spatula will bend and cannot be fixed. Ours bent in the front making it useless. I wouldn't buy it. Never mind my first review, do not buy this spatula.
This is a very flexible spatula so isn't suited to general use but  when you need one like this it is wonderful. The only reason I don't give it 5stars is that this is my 3rd one. Because it is flexible it pulls on the solder points on the handle if you are moving something a bit heavy so eventually it pulls out at the joints. I have never seen one this thin anywhere else so can't compare it but OXO generally makes good, affordable equipment and I am happy with their quality.
This flexible turner is exactly what I needed!  I wanted something that would slide under hot cookies easily.  It does NOT garble up the bottom of my cookies.  I rarely use it for anything else.  One reviewer said the weight of her cookies bent the spatula down - I have never had that problem, but I tend to make smaller cookies rather than larger ones.It goes through the dishwasher on a regular basis.  It recently got jammed in the drawer as I was closing it and it sprang back to its original condition with only a very slight crease in the spatula part.  I was pleasantly surprised.
This is my favorite spatula of all time!  Very hard to find locally, it is the finest, thinest, and most flexible I have ever had, and others who have seen it in use in my kitchen all want one!  Even though it is so light and bends so well, it is well-attached to the handle, does not lose shape with time.  I highly recommend it, and its sister, the large OXO flexible turner, too!  Can't be beat, especially for fragile foods, like easy-over fried eggs, and thin cookies.
This spatula is exactly what I've been trying to find.  It is sturdy enough to lift a 1/2 lb burger out of a cast iron pan, yet thin enough to slide it under the raw burger on my cutting board without distorting the side or bottom, and without moving the burger.  For regular cooking tasks such as steaks, chops, fish, etc., it works perfect.However, if you try to lift a brick like Cooks Illustrated did, it won't hold that much weight.  Since I generally eat food made from actual food, and not bricks, this works for my kitchen.
Got this to replace my thin spatula that is slowly disintegrating.  It's not as good as my beloved utensil, but it works.  The blade is very thin and slips under eggs perfectly.  The only complaint I have is that the blade is uniformly thin. My old spatula has a thin edge then the blade slowly widens, providing support.  This OXO spatula is not as stable, flexes easily and can snap, sending food flying unexpectedly.  It takes some getting used to, but I have found it to be a suitable replacement for a utensil no longer available.
This is a fantastic kitchen tool for mashing vegetables. While we primarily use it to make mash potatoes we also use this to help mash avocados when making guacamole!The masher works great and is very comfortable to use for long periods of time which really helps when making a lot of mashed potatoes. The masher is well constructed and feels like it will last a long time. For the price I don't think you will find a better masher out there.We have washed it in the dishwasher many times already and it has come out clean and in perfect condition each time.
This is a quick and easy way to have mashed potatoes without whipping out the hand mixer. You control the lumps and general texture.First, this is easy to use. Unlike a vertical masher, the OXO has an easy grip handle which is comfortable to use and requires far less &#34;muscle&#34;.  I like the fact that I have more control over the texture of my mashed potatoes. I like basic mashed potatoes that are on the lumpy side and the control you have using this masher will produce the perfect lumps. However, when I make my holiday mashers with cream cheese I can go as creamy as I want. This also can be used on sweet potatoes, squash, pumpkin, and even cooked apples.It is easy to clean due to its simple design and lack of crannies. Additionally, it is well made like all OXO products. It's not easy to find good mashers, but I don't need to look further since I found this gem.
Finally I can make mashed potatoes without using my mixer.  I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 for thos who care) and I can use this tool.  Traditional potato mashers just require more grip than I have in my hand.  Plus the horizontal handle makes the pushing easier, as well.My mother  with mild arthritis likes this as well as her traditional masher.As with  most Oxo tools it is highly ergonomic: it fits the hand and does the job  it's supposed to.
Bought this for my daughter - who has managed to destroy 2 other potato mashers - didn't even ask how.  Know OXO makes a good tool so  I thought she could try this one.  It does its' job fairly well and she says she is happy with it, but she is waiting for the day she can inherit the potato masher that my mother used, I currently use - and was bought in 1955.  The two side bars does make it a bit harder to use in certain pots - and it is short for some taller pots - but nothing you can't work around.
I can't believe that I am so excited about such a simple kitchen tool. The vintage ricer which I used for more years than I will acknowledge has been retired.I looked at several different mashers and realized that ergonomically I needed the downward push. And this masher more than meets my expectations.  And shortened the time in the process.My only issue is that it must be stored in a larger drawer because of the size and not in my kitchen tool container.  Worth every cubic inch of storage.This is The One to buy. Sturdy, comfortable to use, economy of motion and easy to clean.
This is an excellent masher. If you're doing skin on potatoes it clogs up slightly - but still made short work of a few batches of mashed potatoes (with and without skin) & mashing up sweet potatoes for another dish.The one flaw of the design? It's short handle. However, it's not a deal breaker. In fact - the plus-es of this more than made up for it's sole shortcoming. My old masher (vertical handle) was about the same height and had the same issue.There's only one masher I've used that I liked as much as this one - but it was literally twice the price (it's a Cuisinart model). However, I would still choose this one over that other model because there was no hand fatigue with the Oxo. My family loves mashed potatoes and when I make them I make a lot. This was definitely put through some trials for Thanksgiving. I'm looking forward to using it for Christmas, and for meals in between.
This is one of those 'how did I ever get along without it' kind of kitchen tools! It is sturdy, sized right, easily used, easily cleaned, and multi-tasking. I use it for potatoes, squash, making guacamole ( mashes avocados just right), refried beans (mashing heated beans gives just the right texture), and anything else I need to mash just right in my food prep. Have used this for over 2 years and it is just like new after many uses and washings. This is a great example of the best of kitchen tools. Buy it now, trust me you DO need it.
This is a good product.  I have used it on potatoes (all root veggies actually) as well as things like apples cooked for apple sauce.  It is easy to use with a comfy grip.That said..i still feel like i need a ricer.  I think if I had got the ricer first I wouldnt feel the need for a masher so I am thinking probably it would have been a better buy to just get the ricer...  storing all this kitchen stuff is always an issue for me.The company that makes this has consistantly made excellent products (great heat resistant spatulas too) and this is one more.  I think this is a great buy if this is all you will need.  If you will ultimately need a ricer anyway...consider getting that first and than see if you still need this
If, like me, you learned to mash potatoes with one of those mashers that looks like a thick wire bent back and forth, you probably don't like mashing potatoes by hand. The wire tools don't work very well. This masher does! Spray it with a little non-stick spray, mash a few time, and yum. This is definitely the tool to mash potatoes by hand. I avoided making mashed potatoes before I learned about this type of masher, now I make them frequently. It's small price to pay for a tool that really works.
I'm a huge fan of OXO, and own lots of their utensils, but these are terrible. The cube ports do not have a lip, so water spills constantly on the trip from the counter to the freezer (even if you fill well below the rim, which results in a very small cube). The plastic cover, supposedly designed to keep out odors, leaves a gap all the way around the tray, making it easy for odors to penetrate the cubes (and adding to the spilled water annoyance). Don't waste your money; you will only be  frustrated.
I had none of the issues with not being able to slide the lid and can only assume those who did must have really overfilled. The ice tray is easy to use, opens easily, and the cube size allows for quick freezing. I have listed what I consider pros and cons below. The cons will only apply to some users.Pros:Freezes water quickly due to shape of cubesEasy to remove cubes with slightest twist to tray or pushing one end of cubeSliding cover closes and opens easily and protects against spills and freezer odorsCover allows me to stack other items on topCons:The cube shape allows for quicker meltingThe tray is larger than other trays and for me that is an issue as my fridge top freezer is smallOverall, this is a very good product and if I had more space the size would not be an issue. As it is I will continue to use the Martha Stewart small square silicone cube trays I purchased at Macy's because they use so little space - even though they require wrestling with to remove the cubes.
I have four covered trays made by Tupperware, I was trying to save a buck, bought four of these because I have liked other Oxo products.  It was a mistake.  While these work, the cubes are small, the trays are difficult to fill and cap without spilling water, and they are clunky in the freezer compartment.  All I did was compromise, buy and waste my money, and now I need to go pay the full price for the Tupperware trays that work and that I should have bought to start with.
I LOVE OXO items.  They make some great products, unfortunatly they make some bad ones too.  This is a bad one.  I bought this so store leftover chicken stock in (I saw someone making leftover stock into stock cubes and saving it for another day).  Well I filled up the tray and started to put the lid on, which make the stock start spilling out.  After fighting with if for like a mintue I decided, well there is no way I'm going to be able to carry this perfectly level across the kitchen so keep it from spilling so I gave up.  OXO should discontinue this item.
Pros:Excellent design.  Sliding cover is designed to let you dispense cubes one at a time. To loosen the cubes just run water over the bottom and shake the tray while locking cover is completely on.Cons:A little bigger than the basic ice cube trays.  Design does not consider limited freezer space/s.  I started filling the tray only halfway to get smaller cubes.  I used to bartend so I wish the ice cubes were half the size just like in bars and nightclubs.If you hear of same in smaller size alert me by commenting on my review.
Although the idea of these ice cube trays is great the actual use and operation of them is not.  They can be very difficult to open up after they have frozen your ice cubes. Needless to say that is frustrating and it ends up making a mess all over with pieces of chipped ice and so on.  The internal surface of the lid sticks to the ice cubes making opening up the tray very difficult if not impossible and leads to frustration and a mess in general.I would not recommend these to my friends or family.
I have solo shucked many dozen's of holiday oysters in my day and know my way around a shucking knife. Of the several I own, this is my second favorite. Oxo is generally a reliable kitchen accessory manufacturer and for occasional use, it's not too shabby. I do prefer a heftier blade, the Oxo is pretty bent up, but it does work. For a perfect oyster shucking knife, take a gander at the one sold by Island Creek Oysters in Mass...also a great source of the little salty delights too.
This works well for cleaning shrimp, as advertised.  I've cleaned 6-7 lbs of large shrimp so far and this makes it quick and easy.  I don't know why people are so fussy about the construction being plastic - it is far more resilient than a shrimp's shell and should stand up to quite a bit of use unless you abuse it.  A metal blade would probably lead to more mangled shrimp so it's just fine.  I'm quite satisfied with the item and would have no issues recommending it to anyone.
I really really wanted to like this more than I do. I read all of the reviews that said how easy it was to use, then when I got it there was one comical looking cheesy picture showing how to use it. I am not a cooking novice, but I felt like a real retard trying to use this. Several mangled shrimp later, I finally got the idea, but still continued to mangle the occasional shrimp. And the thing is, I think it took me more time to mangle the shrimp with this thing than to peel shrimp manually. I gave it three stars because if you have a lot of tenacity, and you want to devein and that is really important to you, this will devein the shrimp nicely, if you don't mess up. I just find that this complicates things too much for me about two thirds of the time. Take this as you will.
Great product.  I used to work at Red Lobster and peeled and deveined LOTS of shrimp and this style is the best I&#8217;ve used.  After using a lot of other deveiners, this is the only one I found that cuts through the shell, cleans out the vein, works quickly and doesn&#8217;t create any waste.  I had one of these for years and somehow lost it.  I had to look hard to find this style of peeler/deveiner but wouldn&#8217;t settle for any other kind.  Highly recommend.
I don't like the way this thing works...  Luckily, after I ordered it, I found my old cheapie that had been misplaced during our move.I would suggest saving your money and buying one of the cheap plastic ones that work on the push stroke, and peels the shrimp by breaking the underside instead of cutting the shell down the back.  I ruined more shrimp than I peeled with this one.  I am hoping to find another use for it! Maybe a grout remover....I find that rather sad, because I like the other OXO products I have purchased.  The large handles prevents my bad finger from locking trying to hold something of small diameter...;0))PK
If you're preparing shrimp and hate deveining them, this is the tool to get. Not really &quot;veins,&quot; the dark line on the outside of a shrimp is actually its digestive tract - so if you eat it, you're basically eating shrimp excrement. Put that in your cocktail sauce!  Still, this is a delicate little cord that you don't want breaking up into pieces, but just yank out quickly and get on to the next shrimp.  This tool does just that, and ergonomically fits your hand.
I think this is helpful when you master using it...which can take a bit of time if your used to using a knife.  Having always used just a paring knife to cut and de-vein getting the hang of this was a bit of a struggle.  I thought, being a bit of a foodie, I &quot;needed&quot; this..  Need, is a strong word...but I do like this now...The pre-cleaned and easy peel shrimp is much more espensive than just the shrimp in the shells...this does make it a bit easier.Once I *got* it, I think I am faster than I was.  So since it doesn't take up much space and isn't expensive I think this was a good purchase.That said...  its a bit like a grapefruit spoon or melon baller in that it can be very nice to have and extreamly convenient to have under the right circumstances...but as to really needing it.. That is a hard call.
I really enjoy eating Dungeness crab here in San Francisco, peak season is NOW, December.  The secret to picking all the meat out of the crab lies with the correct crab instruments.  I've tried the Oxo seafood picks and also the Zyliss style.  The Zyliss with its curved forked end is 'da best.  And buy your self a pair of the "Progessive brand" seafood scissors and be ready to enjoy eating Dungeness crabs with minimal hassle.  You may need two scissors because Dungeness crab aficionados will fight over them, really, been there witnessed it.JMO!!!!
We had crab tonight, and these seafood picks work really well. The crabs have all the chambers at the connection between leg and body and the picks easily scooped out the meat. These picks are heavy and well made, with a soft grip that comes in handy because our hands tend to get messy from the seafood, so we can get a grip on the picks.I was worried the picks would be dangerous because one end is very sharp and two pronged and I worried that while I scooped with one end I might poke myself with the other, but that didn't happen. The sharp two prong end is perfect for grabbing hard to reach bits of seafood.
Never had an issue with our 1st, so we ordered another one for the kids bathroom. The replaceable head is nice and the flexible neck makes getting under the rim a breeze. The clamshells close every time and I've never had an issue with gunk in the bottom because we don't clean and just put it back in the shell dripping with toilet water and cleaner. For those that complain about that, try washing it with another flush, putting it under the seat so it can drip dry, and the next time you use the toilet you can put it away.
Looks nice sitting there and is very effective.  My last one had a metal handle and it became way too easy for the metal to scratch the bottom of the bowl.  Luckily Barkeeper's Friend got those scratches out.  This new one has a nice big brush that does the job.  I rinse it out a bit in the sink first and then put it back.  Hardly, if any, water sits at the bottom.  It opens and closes properly.  I bought a replacement head so it's nice to have that on hand but won't be changing it for quite a while I'm sure.  Very happy with this purchase.  Have had it a month now.
These toilet brushes work very well.  It is important, however, to let the brush air dry prior to sticking it back in the canister, (prop it up on the garbage pail & come back later). If you do prefer to generate rust, put it back wet & let tepid, gross water collect at the bottom of the canister. That can then be dumped out as it will collect at the bottom (simple physics of gravity) That's going to happen easily with any apparatus.  My  toilet brushes have held up fine for 2.5 years & counting.  It's all a matter of usage and taking care of things, right???.....
This brush is well designed and constructed. I've used it for over a year, so I know for sure that it's pretty durable. And it has an attractive look about it.So I can recommend this, but it's with one reservation. Oxo has a compact version that sells for $7 less. When I decide to get another brush for a second bathroom, that's the model I expect to get. So, a careful consideration of the size that you actually need might allow you to save some money.And in this economy, that's not such a bad idea.
These OXO good grips line have really been a godsend.  They have made cleaning up nasty dishes a million times easier.The soap dispensing handles are solid and easy to use.  The buttons to dispense the soap are in easy to reach places and they hold enough for about a month's worth of cleaning.  Refilling takes about 30 seconds and is usually done without spilling a drop.  I have had one handle that had the rubber button get a hole in it, but that may have been feline caused as one of our cats love to gnaw on rubbery things.The brushes are also long lasting and do a great job of removing food.  I am pretty rough on them when cleaning our cast iron grill and they still last about 6 months before giving in.  Changing them takes about 30 seconds as well.Really ingenious product.  Time saver.Highly Recommended.
I got this to try since I am a huge fan of OXO Products. Maybe I am just being "dumb" but when I screwed off the top there was a small hole to put in my favorite liquid detergent and it made a huge mess. When I am scrubbing dishes that can't go in the dishwasher the brissels are not that strong. Even when I don't push the top liquid detergent still comes out which means I can't use the brush throughout the time I am cleaning otherwise there will always be soap. Also, there is no "center spike" to help remove "caked on" grease like other brushes I have used in the past. I would highly recommend the Libman Kitchen Brush [Curved] with small handle which is the one I will continue to use.
I bought this hoping it would save my nails when washing certain items that needed harder scrubbing than a dishcloth can do. It fits in my hand easily and does the exact job I need it to do. I saw some staining on the bristles from tomato sauce left in pan but luckily it washed/rinsed out by the time I was finished with those dishes. It is easy to fill with soap but unless I am really mindful how hard I squeeze the top - I feel like too much soap can be dispensed. All in all, I am happy with this item.
... and I just might be the world's biggest fan of the entire OXO Good Grips line.  But for me this brush is too short and the bristle part is too fat &amp; too soft.  HOWEVER! It turned out to be good for something else...  Try filling it with a very good moisturizing hand soap and using it *occasionally* to scrub reeeeeeeally grimy hands/nails.  I hate to wear gloves while gardening, even in our red messy clay soil, and Aging SuperHubby is still too macho to wear gloves while D.I.Y.-ing, lol -- so this brush has found a home on our utility sink next to the basement door.
The integrated soap dispenser makes this small, inexpensive brush a very helpful addition to kitchen sink gear. Instant access to additional dish soap lets you get the job done in one effort.Particularly good on frying pans, cutting boards, plates, soup bowls or other shallow cookware -- the small size and chunky handle give you a lot of scrubbing power for caked-on or burnt food.I have not needed to replace it yet, but the removable bristles mean I will not need to replace the entire unit when it begins to show wear!
It will do a decent job or stuck surfaces.  The brushes used are reasonably aggressive.  It isn't a scouring pad but it takes care of normal pans with panache.It is FAR easier to keep hygienic.  I first got the plastic scouring pad version of this dispenser/tool.  That was a bear to keep clean.  It also won't wear nearly as well as this unit.  The pads are softer and wear and lack this ones aggression.I am very happy with this unit.  It is better working than the normal tools we use on pans or dried dinnerware.
This well built, well engineered squirting palm brush replaced a nasty, leaky sponge-type soap dispenser and a soap pump bottle that took about 50 pumps to get a dab of soap.  The nylon bristles can be cleaned easily after each use, so it doesn't get disgusting.  The dispenser valve doesn't leak, so you can fill it up with soap and set it on the sink rim or counter, then when you need some soap for washing dishes, a couple of squirts is all you need since the squirt volume is very adequate.  My wife also loves it!
I use this scrubber to clean my sinks and dishes with good effect.  It has a little toggle switch in the very middle of the bristles that secretes dish soap when it is pressed allowing you to clean a lot of dishes or surfaces quickly without having to re-load your sponge with soap along the way.  The bristles are strong and hold up to tough use and really are effective for getting into nooks and crannies.  I don't really like to use this scrubber on my enameled cast iron cookware (I admit that I'm a freak about my Le Creuset!) but it works well on everything else!
I had one of these when I was studying abroad in Germany and was looking for something similar. These are great if you hand-scrub your dishes - you get a great grip and it fits in your hand nicely, and all you have to do is push down the top to dispel more liquid.Only problem is, it dispels fluid because when you push down the rubber top, you're also pushing air and anything in there out towards the hole, so once you push it a couple times, it looses the air inside that's helping you push fluid out and then I have to unscrew/rescrew the top again to get that same air pressure going. Also, after about a month the brush gets kind of matted and stained, and doesn't scrub as well, so you have to replace it.I'm not sure I will buy this again, I might look for a better made product.
I ordered this because I'm tired of using the scrubby pads that are on kitchen sponges. I hate that they tend to hold onto stuff like gooey cheese and shred much too easily. Yuck! This does the job without getting all gunky and it rinses clean easily. It digs dirt out of grooves and tight corners. It's great for cleaning the sidewalls around rivets, too. What it won't do is take off really stuck-on food, but no brush will do that. The brushes attach to the head securely, but are easily removed for replacement. The mesh replacement heads get high marks for removing stuck on gunk; I plan on buying a set of those so I'll have a choice of heads.I don't use the soap dispenser because I use this on carbon steel and cast iron cookware, so can't comment on that feature. It's holding up well for almost 2 months of daily use.
Bought this and initially loved it despite the fact that occasionally the top would loosen and dishsoap would leak out. Then I felt the bristles were a bit soft for tough scrubbing jobs (baked on brownie/burned casserole/lasagna pan/etc). DON'T make the mistake I did of using on hot pan which then melted the bristles to laying flat instead of vertical. After that the thing was useless... they need to make one with HEATPROOF bristles so you can scrub away while pot is hot. Will probably not replace with the same item.
So far, so good. The lid is very tightly screwed on. The bristles, so far, are holding their own. I've only owned it a week, but with available replacements, I'm not too worried about them bending/breaking super early on.The button to release the soap is very sensitive. It's very hard to release just the tiniest of soap. I ordered this to not actually clean dishes, but clean out my pedestal sink as the bowl is rounded and oval and very hard to clean with a traditional brush. I'm two washings in and very happy.
The worst part of making Quinoa is the rinsing part.  And it can get messy with all those tiny grains.  My strainers were not fine enough to prevent some from falling through the screen.  Saw some reviews saying this was good for quinoa.  I have used it several times and it works perfectly.  I've always had good luck with Good Grips OXO brand.  Another great buy!I am not sure if it is available cheaper in stores as none of the stores in my town carried this item.  I would check stores first to price compare.
The mesh on this strainer really sets it apart from other, cheaper versions. It doesn't indent or bend out of shape like others do.  The handle has a nice grip, and the hook on the opposite end is great for leaving something straining over a bowl.The best feature is how well it cleans. Sauces, fruits, vegetables, soft cheeses, flour, and everything else I've thrown at it do not get stuck in the mesh, and it looks as good as new. Ask a cheaply made strainer to do those things, and some bits get stuck. You can't go wrong with this one!
I'm not even sure what prompted me to buy this but I use it all the time so now I'm wondering how I got along without it.  I use it to wash rice and beans or anything else I want to strain the liquid from to make sauces.  Under the heading of too much information my garbage disposal recently died and my sink has always been slow draining so I've been using it to strain out the dredges from soaking pans.  It's disgusting but it helps keep the drain running.  Fairly easy clean up.
I am a foodie and as such, I own quite a few strainers. This is the first Good Grips strainer I've purchased and although I love almost everything Oxo makes, I was still surprised at the size, quality and fineness of the mesh on this one.Do your math, this is a HUGE strainer compared to most hand-held strainers, but the mesh is quite fine and yet sturdy at the same time.It's without a doubt the best strainer I've purchased anywhere. I hung it on a hook because it's too big for my various utensil crocks, but I find myself reaching for it even for pasta, for which I'd normally use a colander.Considering the 4 for 3 deal going on right now, it was a superb value, as well.I intend to buy the smaller versions, as well, to replace my older strainers.Oxo seems to make their products better and better all the time. I have yet to get a 'dud' from the Good Grips collection.
It might seem expensive, but the quality is excellent, and I can tell it will last for years and years.  The sieve is very fine and holds a lot--great for my making yogurt cheese and baking needs.  Really love this, and the handle is very comfortable, too (as are most OXO tools).  The little tip on the opposite side is terrific for supporting it in a bowl, something I consider essential but many sieves don't have.  This was worth every penny!
I bought this to replace an old strainer I had used for years that had belonged to my Mother. This OXO strainer was the closest I could find to what I had been using. It seems very well made and the mesh is secure in the handle and does not push out on the sides which will  keep food from catching up under the rim.This  is actually nicer than I expected it to be, I like it. It will be used for straining seeds out of fresh squeezed lemon/lime juices, pulp from making almond milk, and for any of the smaller jobs that don't require a larger strainer. The little loop on the end helps this balance on bowls making it easy to pour your food without spilling. The handle has a nice grip that doesn't get hot and is easy to hold. I have no doubt that this will last for years.
I went to a big chain store that sold several varieties of look-alike strainers. I tested them all by pushing down firmly on the mesh, approximating the amount of pressure I would use if I was trying to get the last juices out of meats and veggies from a homemade stock. The OXO was the only one that held together. On every other strainer, the screen came off the rim.I've been using this strainer regularly for a year. I am quite impressed by it. It is still in perfect shape. There is no rust nor discoloration. The wire mesh is still perfectly intact, smooth and round (unlike other strainers I've owned that are riddled with dimples). The handle has not bent one bit. The mesh has also been fine enough for all of my needs, without having to also use a cheesecloth as I did with other strainers.
It's amazing what a difference quality tools will make in the kitchen. My old strainers did the job. They... well, strained. But they were getting rusty and they just felt cheap. These strainers simply feel great. The handle has a good grip to it, the mesh will have you rubbing it a little when nobody's looking, and it just looks classy. The 8" size is the perfect general-use size. The price is a little steep for what I'd normally want to pay for a simple tool, but it was worth it.
I have multiple sizes of strainers in my kitchen because they are so extremely handy to have around. I love OXO products in general, and this one matches their usual standard. It is well made with double weave, that is, two separate layers of mesh to prevent even very small particles from getting through. It is a good size to fit over the top of myVita-Mix blender, and it has a handy hook to keep it from slipping away from hot pots. The handle doesn't heat up, which is very important. Finally, in a pinch, it can double as a flour sifter.Highly recommended.
About the only thing she wished was that the basket part was deeper, and perhaps an inch wider, but it certainly works as is.  And, the quality of the product is excellent!  She compared to the one it replaces and there really is no comparison.  She had bought that old one at a store similar to K-mart, as an example.  It had lasted her about 12 years but then the basket separated from the flimsy edge holder.  I fully expect this Good Grips unit to last the rest of our lives, it's so sturdy and well made.
This strainer is pretty small.  I bought this to replace my large strainer that's many years old.  The pictures of this one make it seem bigger than it is.  First of all it's pretty shallow, it maybe holds 2 pounds of hamburger to be strained, but likely it would tip on its own (if you had it resting on the sink like I do.)  I wouldn't use this for pasta as it would overflow easily.  It does have a great handle, and the opposing loop helps it sit in a sink.  But I was hoping for something larger.  Our old strainer easily holds double what this one does and had two prongs on the other side so that it wouldn't tip when rested on a bowl or the sink.
I can't think of any way I'd improve this strainer; the mesh is substantial enough that it hasn't taken any dents and is still in perfect shape after lots of use. The handle is rubbery enough to be nice and grippy while coming perfectly clean in the dishwasher along with the rest of the strainer. I hadn't cared about that little lip opposite the handle when I ordered the thing, but it's a thoughtful addition: it doubles as a bowl/pan rest and a place from which you can hang the strainer if so desired.Looks great, cleans easily, and ... you know ... strains effectively too.
After a messy lesson that quinoa was too fine for my finest strainer, I went looking for something that would work. Thanks to awesome Amazon reviewers who specifically stated that quinoa would work with this strainer, I bought - and am glad I did. It works well, and is very sturdy. I posted a few pics to gauge better on size (I got the 8") and for those curious, yes - it is dishwasher safe! (I haven't tried yet, but that's what the tag says).
I have the 3" (OXO Good Grips 3-Inch Mini Strainer), 6" and 8" strainers in this design.  The 3" is extremely small so personally I would recommend buying only the 6 & 8" sizes unless you have something in particular you would use the 3" strainer for.  Overall these strainers are very sturdy, the handle is solidly fixed to the strainer, and the mesh is very rigid and keeps it's shape well (you can't poke it and make it deform).  The holes are very small which allows you to strain almost anything without losing part of what you're straining.  These may be a bit more expensive than your average strainer but the quality makes them worth the extra money and I'm confident they will hold up for a long long time.
This is a great strainer.  What I really love is the size including the length of it.  What's great is that it fits perfectly across my sink so that I can just set it there and pour into it, rather than having to hold it while pouring (which would be messy).  I didn't know how much of a difference this would make before I bought it and I'm glad that I got lucky in purchasing this item.  My sink is a typical size but if you have a very large sink this might not work for you.It's a solid and well made strainer that doesn't feel like it will ever fall apart.Glad I bought it.
I find I reach for it often. The mesh is pretty fine so straining stock/sauce with lots of small bits, it can get clogged -- but it strains everything. Have been using this strainer for four years and it looks new. We run it through the dishwasher.The little hook is nice from hanging it on a bowl. It fits in the corner of my sink to allow a slow drain (like for frozen veggies). Nice. As we think about downsizing, I may find a slightly bigger one to add and then give away big colanders.
This is an absolutely perfect size.  It is not so big that you won't find a place to store it, but large enough to hold a bunch of angel hair pasta that would slip right out of the little holes in a traditional colander.  It also fits over the sink so that I can pour the pasta (or whatever I'm draining) right into it, water and all, and have the water drain into the sink.It doesn't say in the description, but this is a double weave strainer.  In other words, there are two layers of thin metal mesh to ensure even the smallest seeds and particles are caught in the net.It has a traditional soft black rubber Oxo handle, too.  This is important when using it over the sink as it keeps it from slipping around when the water hits it.Nice!
This strainer has a very fine mesh, as was noted by another reviewer, so I decided to try it.  I was SO pleased to fine a utensil with a fine enough mesh to be able to wash and rinse quinoa, since it's a very tiny granular grain that slips through most other  strainer screens.  Previous to buying the Oxo strainer, I had resorted to lining my other mesh strainer with coffee filters, which worked, but was a real pain to get the grain off the filter.  The mesh on this one also seems to be stiffer than some other models of strainers.  I have had to discard several other strainers of a similar type, that have had the screen crumple and pull away from the framework, over the years.  I am very happy with this item.
I love quinoa, but didn't love rinsing it first. It's important to rinse it first to reduce the phytic acid in it, otherwise you will get digestive problems. Any strainer I had ended up with bits of quinoa stuck in the strainer, and such a pain to clean! This one is perfect! I bought the 6 inch one, and it's the perfect size, just large enough, just deep enough, for one or several portions of quinoa! I rinse it thoroughly, then dump it in the pan, and nothing gets stuck!! I'm so happy with this purchase. Can't speak for how it will wear or rust over time... I thought it was a bit pricey, but it's very sturdy and worth the price, so right now I highly recommend it!
I own a lot of OXO brand kitchen tools and have never been disappointed by their quality and versatility. I initially bought this to produce nice sized melon balls for fruit trays and fruit salads; it does a wonderful job. However, I have also used this to core apples for baked apples, core seeded cucumbers, make individual butter balls, drop cookies, meatballs, etc.This tool offers two different size balls which are at either end of the implement. It has a good grip and works well with no slippage. It is comfortable to use and surprisingly efficient.It is dishwasher proof and sturdy enough to last a lifetime.
I previously had a &quot;Brand X&quot; melon baller which, with occasional use, developed a cracked handle which I had to tape to keep together and later, the scoop end broke off! I broke down and got the best... the OXO is really sturdy and, as with all their products, comfortable to use. I can tell I'll get years of use out of it without it falling to pieces like my previous one. It just goes to show, even with a product that only gets occasional use, it doesn't pay to get a cheap one!
Well there's not much you can say about a melon baller. It works? I don't use it on melons, I use it to make meatballs and cake balls, and the large scoop is really good for that. I can imagine that there are situations where the little scoop is also useful, but I personally don't use it. The handle is really great because of its texture. When your fingers are slimy (making meatballs, etc. can be a messy business), it's a good grip to hold onto.
This wonderful OXO Good Grips Melon Baller is fantastic! Not only is it easy to use for cantaloupe & watermelon, it can also be used to make butter curls. I also use it to scoop the seeds out of fruit & veggies such as peppers. It's made of dishwasher safe stainless steel with a comfortable handle, so it's easy to hang on to and won't fly out of your hands if they're wet. I can definitely recommend this wonderful tool - if you're creative, the uses are endless!
My purpose in ordering it was to pit Cherry Tomatoes but, as has been mentioned by others, one keeps discovering uses for it that you hadn't thought off. The rim on both ends is sharp enough to easily cut through the flesh of both vegetables and fruit which is a plus. It has a firm grip, heavy enough to allow one to feel they're in control but not so heavy as to make it cumbersome to use. I'd order one even if on the moment I had no particular use for it. Eventually you will and you'll be glad you had it on hand.
That's not technically true, but I do like it.I read some other reviews about how the double sided thing digs into wrists or something?  I've never once had that problem.  Maybe if you are trying to ball set concrete or some other extremely hard substance that could be an issue, but since melon is generally the softest substance known to man I cannot imagine a situation in which you would need to exert enough pressure that even if you decided to hold the baller with the unused end pressed against your writs arteries that there would be discomfort.  Maybe I'm just good at holding things.Really, though, my wife uses it more than I do and she' never had a complaint.  It's a melon baller.  If you are unimpressed, maybe you should examine your melon balling expectations and see if you might be setting the bar a bit too high.
It scoops them out fine. I don't have a technique when doing it so the balls don't look like the way caterers get them to look. I have seen other people use melon ballers and this was my first time using one so not sure if all melon ballers are like this but I found the balls didn't slide out, I had to push them out with my finger. Again, I'm a newbie baller and not sure if that is standard for melon ballers. I subtracted a star because I had to push them out with my finger but I can add it back if that is standard when it comes to balling.
This thing is great! It's up for scraping the seeds out of a cuke, coring apples, and even (!) making pretty little melon balls. It's easy to clean, it's grippy, and it comes with two different sizes on the ends - just one scoop didn't cut it for OXO. They went above and beyond the call of duty. If only the people who set the price on this thing would do the same... Though it's somewhat pricey for the small gadget it is, I think it's worth the money just in the amount of time it saves me scooping the seeds out of the middle of apples. And plums and other small stone fruit as well.
I have to agree with the reviewer that said it takes too long to peel a potato with this peeler. The cover over the blade is supposed to keep the peelings from flying up, and it does that. But instead, they get caught under the cover and slow down the works. It's broad and obscures your view of the blade.  I'm a fast peeler -- thanks to all of those potato peeling contests my mother used to have her children do -- and I did not like getting slowed down because I couldn't see exactly where the blade was going, or getting peelings caught under the blade cover.  In addition, the sharp end for gouging out potato eyes is kind of rounded. On my old peeler it's pointed, and works much better. I'll keep looking for the older style, so I can get my peeling done faster.
My father worked as a "soda jerk" when he was in high school and he taught me the trick of dipping the scooper in a glass of water so that the ice scoops fall out more easily.I find this one works well but after the first scoop, the other ones tend to stick and the the little push from the lever isn't enough to get the ice cream free.It's comfortable, easy to use, and makes nicely shaped scoops. If you were looking to buy it just because of the lever you might be able to get do with a glass of water when you scoop.
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. This ice cream scoop can scoop through the hardest of ice creams and not even flinch. As for quality, it's made strong, hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and the scoop release works great. Not that it really needs it, but try heating it up just a little before or during use so the ice cream doesn't freeze to it if you really want perfect scoops.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!
I own a number of OXO products, and most of them are fairly well-designed and functional, but the OXO SteeL ice cream scooper an exception, as it does a very poor job of dispensing ice cream.  The curved piece inside the scooper that is supposed to push the ice cream out, does work fairly well if the ice cream is frozen and really hard, but if it is soft and sticky, you might find yourself reaching for a spoon to scrape the ice cream out.Constructed mostly of stainless steel, this scooper is solidly put together, but it&#8217;s mostly for naught, as this is just a marginally useful utensil.  Given its performance, I don&#8217;t understand why it is rated so highly at Amazon, as it not a product I would recommend buying.
I've always found the "Pie Server" utensil useless, especially if you don't have room for kitchen cabinets to store all the utensils. You can get by just by using a fork and a regular butter knife or a turner, a flipper or spatula.That is what I tend to use. You do have a higher Pie drop ratio with a fork and a butter knife or spatula but it won't matter unless you're in a social setting where a "Pie Server" utensil is deemed absolutely necessary. And then, you'll probably be eating caviar with snob Pie anyways. Sometimes I even use my dirty hand or just use a dirty spoon to eat Pie out of the tin.Now, I just use the Oxo SteeL Pie Server as a Masonry trowel for spreading mortar on bricks or concrete blocks with a technique called "buttering". It isn't "heavy duty" but for touch up jobs, it's acceptable.
I've always found the "Pie Server" utensil useless, especially if you don't have room for kitchen cabinets to store all the utensils.  You can get by just by using a fork and a regular butter knife or a turner, a flipper or spatula.That is what I tend to use.  You do have a higher Pie drop ratio with a fork and a butter knife or spatula but it won't matter unless you're in a social setting where a "Pie Server" utensil is deemed absolutely necessary.  And then, you'll probably be eating caviar with snob Pie anyways.  Sometimes I even use my dirty hand or just use a dirty spoon to eat Pie out of the tin.Now, I just use the Oxo SteeL Pie Server as a Masonry trowel for spreading mortar on bricks or concrete blocks with a technique called "buttering".  It isn't "heavy duty" but for touch up jobs, it's acceptable.
I have a drawer full of OXO kitchen tools so I definitely am impressed by OXO's product line. Good quality, comfort, effectiveness, and smart design are the hallmarks of OXO and this tool is no exception.Ideally this is the size of a perfect wedge of pie. It has a comfortable handle and is made of a sturdy grade of stainless steel. It is flexible enough to make a non-messy first cut and it can slide under to pick up the last piece of pie. It has a serrated edge that produces a nice cut and it washes up nicely by hand or dishwasher without staining.It also has a hole in the handle which is perfect for hanging on a rack.Overall, a great pie cutter which can handle a hefty wedge of pie.
The OXO STAINLESS STEEL PIE SERVER is absolutely the best pie server made.  Both sides of the triangular "blade" (from the tip to about two-thirds of the way up) are serrated.  This means the server will cut pie wedges, as well as pick them up for transfer to a dessert or dinner plate.Because of the sturdy stainless steel construction, the server will support the weight of a thick piece of pie (fruit pie, quiche, chicken pot pie, whatever) without bending.  Also, the server will stand up to being stored loose in a general kitchen-gadget drawer.  The handle is comfortable to grip, and the angle of the blade is just right.My first OXO steel pie server still looks new after 4-5 years of use.  I purchased another to have one available whenever the first one is in the dishwasher.  This pie server gets a lot of use in my household.
Most oxo products are awesome; this one is no exception.  It cuts very well and looks nice, too.  Very high quality.  Comfortable to use.  I have oxo's good grips nylon pie server for my non-stick and cast-iron pans, but it's nice to have two to choose from depending on the job.  As great as the nylon one is, it's just not as strong and can't cut quite as clear of a line.  So I recommend both.
Love this - just what I was looking for.  It cuts well (the edges are serrated), and it has the weight & rigidity you want when dishing out a slice of pie.  Very happy with it.November 2012 Update:  This server is still going strong, 5 years later (and many times through the dishwasher), and it was just top-rated AGAIN by the folks at Cook's Illustrated!  Can't go wrong with this server, and at such a good price, too.
i have many utensils from this line, and just like the rest, this piece work beautifully. my only advise is don't wait for food to get stuck before washing, instead giving it a rinse as soon as your done with it, as food tends to stick really well to it, requiring a soak later. there is also a real nice looking stainless bucket for these to set on your counter top for around $20, and the bottom(oxo plastic) comes off for easy cleaning. i love my set!
When you're using something like this, what can you say?  It's a nice design?  Hey, it's a slotted spoon and designed to be a spoon with holes in it.  OK, it scoops food; so what?Well, this just has a darn good feel to it when I'm scooping food.  Best I've had.  It's as simple as that.  Ain't this all that counts?  Well, sure, it's durable.  You can see that.
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. This masher works great without much effort, and the foods come out perfect. As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and having bad wrists, makes mashing more comfortable as a result.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!
I have always had cheap potato mashers that either bent or broke.  But, like most things, you get what you pay for.  This is why I decided to go with this one.  It doesn't bend or flex when you are mashing, and I use it for potatoes as well as other things like bananas and beans.  I wash it in the dishwasher and have had no problems.  A little pricey, but you might as well get something quality that will last a long time.
After complete kitchen remodel in 2010, I looked far and wide for an under counter stainless steel electric can opener to match my appliances. I was stunned to find there were none on the market despite extensive research. (are the kitchen products design people paying attention to trends or what?) I was forced to reassess, and realized I open maybe 2 cans of olives per month - everything else has pop tops these days! Thus, the search for an efficient hand held opener began and the positive reviews led me to this product. The product is smooth and efficient. My only gripe is the girth of the turn-handle, which makes it a challenge to fit inside my silverware drawer on the first couple tries, but it can be done!
An excellent product. The fact that this is a quality product will be obvious as soon as you take it out the packaging. By just picking it up you get the impression of heavy duty quality. I'm sure I'll get years of use from this opener. It opens fully making cleaning very easy. Because of it's size you get a good mechanical advantage on first penetrating lids; and the oversize knob makes operating the cutter very easy. You don't have to have arthritis to appreciate the ease of use provided. Cuts through lids like a hot knife through butter.Highly recommended!
Excellent addition to my kitchen!  I needed to replace the cheap can openers that I purchased after my Pampered Chef one broke.  I love this can opener!  The handles are large and provided a great gripping surface, the turn handle is large which makes it easy for anyone who may have problems with their hands or wrist (I have carpool tunnel in mine), and it opens cans in a flash.  The only downside is that it can not be washed in the dishwasher - other than that - fantastic!
I almost didn't get this because I thought it was a tad spendy for a can opener, but I'm so glad I decided to just get it.  We have been using the same rusted out-hard to open up can opener forever.  Always saying we need a new can opener but never getting one.  The first time using this we said to ourselves how dumb we were to wait so long to get a new one.  This one works fantastically.  So smooth and quick and effortless to open a can.  It's the perfect weight and looks sharp too. This is definitely one of those you get what you pay for lesson learned situations.
I am 71 and have carpal tunnel and cubital tunnel syndromes of the right hand/arm.  This can opener is a joy to use and requires not much strength to open a can.  Didn't want an electric can opener sitting out all the time and they wind up not working after a while anyway. The manual cheapies are hard to work and I've gone through about 5.  So stupid since I would have saved money just paying up front for a good one.  Can't tell you how pleased I am with this OXO can opener.  It's worth the money.
I bought both the black and the brown Woven Chenille Small Cross Body Bags for when I don't need to carry much more than keys, some ID, some money and a few tissues.  I love cross-body bags because I now use a cane and sometimes have my little dog on a leash and need at least one hand free.  The size accommodates the above items.  The woven "strap" is adequate, and seems securely attached.  They suit me just fine, and I am very happy with them.
If you are like me, you have likely tried several can openers and most of them have likely been of the electric variety.  Stop searching right now and pick up this Oxo Steel Can Opener.  With this can opener you will not be taking up space on the counter and you will not need multiple attempts to open up a can.  This opener gets it right almost every time and on the first try.  It does not take much strength and it is simple for just about anyone to turn the handle.The grips are sturdy and there is no slippage when opening cans.  It gives a smooth edge/cut.  I know it's difficult to rave about something so simple, but sometimes it's the simple things that matter.  My only complaint would be a simple one: it takes up a bit too much space in the utensil drawer.  But I'm more than willing to live with that if I can have a simple product that works.  Oxo got it right with this tool.
If you are tired of electric openers that don't, and flimsy hand units that strip out their gears after only a few cans o' tuna, you need this product.  It is a finely crafted, well balanced solid unit.  It makes me think of teutonic surgical instruments, or picking up a 7-10 split.  Cans quake in fear at its mere appearance.  It slices through can tops like some metallic surfer carving the galaxy.  It is truly a samurai katana of a can opener.  Don't balk, just buy it, you'll find yourself grinning like a winner every time you reach for it.  I built a special velvet-lined walnut case for mine, with a digital music chip that plays "Running With The Devil" by Van Halen every time I open it.
I have purchased this can opener a month ago and I really like it.  I have not had any problems with it so far. It is very easy to use and does not 'slip' off the can like a lot of other can openers do. When I make soup, I open a lot of cans. My husband has commented that is makes opening cans very easy.  It is very easy to clean also.  (I use a dish pan.) I'll try it out for a few more months and if it works as good as it does now, I'll be ordering more for gifts.
I have tried every possible kind of can opener and they all, for better or worse, can't compete with this one.  The handles are comfortable to grip (as with many OXO products), the opener sticks to the can while turning, and the blade makes a clean cut all the way around.  Even the turner is large and comfortable so it does not dig into your hand while opening the can.  So effective and comfortable, even my young kids can use it.  Also, it can be washed int he dishwasher!  No more grimy grubby openers which can never get properly cleaned by handwashing.  A must-have int he kitchen.
I love this can opener. My old opener was an ancient Swing Away, the only kind I've ever bought for the past 30 years.  Decided it was time for a change and ordered this opener because I've never been disappointed with an Oxo product.  I should have switched years ago.  I couldn't believe how easy it opened cans, even ones that were dented on the top.  I have frozen shoulder and mild arthritis in my hands.  I can open cans pain free. I highly recommend this opener.
I'm so happy when we dumped our klunky, loud, unsanitary and ineffective countertop can opener! Not all appliances are better than the old fashion manual gadgets. The OXO easily opens cans of all sizes in a flash. No more fighting with an electric opener that can't seem to grip the edge of the can! This opener is so easy, fast & quiet to use and it isn't an eyesore in my kitchen. To keep it clean, we just toss it in the dish washer. After 3 years, I still love it!
I purchased a new can opener on a whim a few years ago at a local grocery store, and it worked well for the most part; however, I put it in the dishwasher a few too many times and it was shot. I searched online for a can opener that would last me longer, having learned my lesson and knowing to only hand wash moving forward, and I stumbled upon this one. I have to say, I'm impressed. I've only just begun to use it, but it's the nicest one i've ever used. The ease of use is impressive, and it's very comfortable in my small hands too! All in all, i'm a fan. I will have to see how well it stands the test of time, but for now, i'm happy.
I've used many can openers. OXO's SteeL is the best manual I've ever worked with. It locks onto lids without hassle and smoothly opens them with a minimum of effort. The rounder, ergonomic turning knob sets it apart from your standard fare of openers and it just seems much easier to turn. I've yet to find a can that it can't handle. It even goes through large 5 lb tomato cans from the value clubs with no fuss.Hand washing clean-up is as easy as it gets, and I prefer it to any electric that I've tried. The stainless steel finish is still holding up beautifully after over a year of nearly daily use. Our electric can opener resides in storage now. This is a good one folks!~ Kort
These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. This can opener is so smooth to operate and just won't fail. As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and turns without effort.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!
This can opener has been with us for about two years now and I can't say I have any complaints about it. The handles with rubber grips are substantial and sturdy. The can opening device (teeth?) has (have) not bent or given way to any cans. And, the knob has been made of durable plastic, so it hasn't chipped or flaked. We typically don't put this in the dishwasher, and I wouldn't really see the need to--hot soapy water works just fine. Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to replace their can opener.
This Oxo 58081 Steel Can Opener is terrific.  For just a few dollars more than your standard "drug store" plastic and metal hand can opener, you get one made of quality stainless steel with the most comfortable grip and turning knob ever.  It works like a charm and is really easy to hold; it is especially helpful for those of us with slightly arthritic hands.  Another real plus is that it washes beautifully (by hand) and won't rust.  I highly recommend this brand and model of hand can opener.  This item was received in timely fashion and in perfect condition.
This replaced the can opener I've had for about 10 years.  You know the kind--on some cans, it doesn't work well and you have to keep starting new "cuts" and struggle to get it open.Since getting the Oxo SteeL a few months ago, cooking has become much more fun, since my days of fighting with cans are a thing of the past.  This opener glides through any can like a hot knife through butter.  I was amazed at first, then angry with myself for holding onto my old opener for so long.This is absolutely worth every penny.  I've got to warn you, though: you might find yourself making excuses to open can after can just for the fun of it.  Yes, it makes that much of a difference.
This thing is solid, well constructed with no looseness and makes opening a can an almost enjoyable experience.  I've had a lot of can openers that start getting to be more of a battle with continued use.  One of them, with a very recognizable brand name, started jumping off the track a few times around the top of the can and it became very hard to turn the knob.  The OXO feels fabulous, smooth, very easy to turn, it's just a great can opener!  Bring on the cans!!!!!  Highly recommended and worth the extra money.  The Mercedes-Benz of can openers!!  I also bought one as a gift.  I like to make homemade chili and with the tomato sauces, canned tomatoes, three kinds of canned beans, canned paste, it was becoming a real chore opening all of those cans....now....it's a breeze.  Get this!  It's the best.
Yes, I was suprised by how easy this can opener worked.  Having been the sole can opener in my household, I was used to our previous opener which died on us.  The first time I used this OXO opener, I was immediately impressed with how easy it was to squeeze the handles and even easier to twist the lever.I wanted to open more cans as this little jem is a real pleasure to use.I've had it about a month so far and it is still working just as great as the day I received it.
well i like my women with meat on, not too much, not too little. this thing is just a tad on the skinny model side of life. so i am not too sure of it's life-span. from the heft and feel. maybe a few years. my old one was ok, but while on the downhill side of life, a big handle is of value (torque is good), so tis is a replacement. the old one is still alive and sharp and does a bang up job, save the torque thing. now i am ok with miss runway, but like a glamour gal she is on the pricey side...oh i'd say 8-9bucks would be a real deal. 15, well i am not shouting out in glee 'look how much i paid'.
Can openers just don't last forever.  I got this one after extensive research based on its high ratings by other reviewers, and based on the description of "stainless-steel teeth bite into lids with the agility of a great white shark."  How can you beat that?  Anyway, it is easy to use, it turns without any real wrist strength required and gets the job done.  I am sure that I will need another in a few years, but for the price, this one does the trick.
I must admit that this not the exact OXO can opener that I have. Mine is exactly like it except it has the soft handles - not like the less expensive model with the bottle opener. Otherwise mine is identical and I wouldn't be able to function in the kitchen without it. I've had mine for about 3 or 4 years - maybe longer - time flies. I saw where only a few reviewers were disappointed. I don't understand how that could be possible. Like another reviewer, I grew tired of electric can openers that eventually wouldn't hold onto the can while cutting the lid or the blade would become dull or bent so it was useless. Also, got tired of taking up counter space. I don't think anyone will be sorry for buying this can opener. It's well worth every penny.
I grew up with electric can openers that inevitably broke or had a hard time attaching to the can, then the contents often spilled as I removed it from the magnetic holder. Back then the alternative was a hand-held manual one that was actually painful to use.After marrying we bought an electric can opener which broke soon thereafter. While waiting for the day when it was to be repaired (which ended up being never), I bought this OXO manual can opener thinking it would be a temporary and inexpensive solution. It is awesome. We have been using ours for about 5 years and it is still going strong. It is fast, easy to use, and comfortable. There is no pain or discomfort when holding it. It cuts the can cleanly and is just plain easier to use than electric can openers. We are sticking with the OXO can opener and not going back to electric openers.I highly recommend this can opener, ditch your electric can opener and make things easier on yourself!
I thouhgt about buying the one touch can opener till I read the reviews.  This had good reviews and I still liked a manual can opener.  This one is great.  It turns very easily and thats what I was looking for.  The only upgrade it could have had would have been a magnet to hold the lid of the can, instead it leaves a tiny bit of the lid attached so it doesn't fall into the food.  So I guess it's 4 ++ and to me that equals a 5.
I buy a lot of OXO kitchen items and invariably review them positively on Amazon. This can opener is no exception. It has a nice weight to it, but more importantly it is very easy to use. It cuts through cans like they were made of butter. It is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort. It is well made and easy to clean, though as the manufacturer points out it should be hand washed. It has soft hand grips which adds to the comfort factor. My only gripe is that this is on the big side so it isn't even remotely compact but it is very easy to find.Since I am not a fan of electric can openers due to cleaning issues, this is a nice alternative. It Is also great for anyone who might have arthritis in their hands or lack upper body strength since it requires very little effort.
We have used manual can openers for years with great success. We decided to replace our last one as the cutter wheel was getting dull with age. Because of the reviews we decided to try this one and it was delivered a couple of weeks ago.Having lived with it for awhile we have found it to be easy to use and comfortable to hold. It is small enough to fit in a drawer out of sight but substantial enough to tackle any can we've tried it on.The larger handle does make opening the can somewhat easier as it spreads the pressure over a wider area of the hand.I recommend it for all.
I've never quite gotten "the hang" of electric can openers-- if I get the can open, it's truly LUCK--not SKILL.  Decided to return to a good old-fashioned can opener, but since they can be hard to turn at times, I decided to splurge on this one. It is soooo well worth the extra money.  I just love Oxo's squirting dish brush (the only one I've ever used that doesn't leak!), & I will definitely try more of their products.  Truly impressive.
7 months and this baby is ready for the trash.  I could accept that from the $1.99 camping can opener.  But I'm not gonna pay $12.00 for this thing to rust out in half a year.Problem being the rust builds up on the shaft of the turning gear and slowly works its way through to the divet.  We have never put this thing into the washing machine.  Very disappointing.As an emergency replacement we got the no name can opener from the grocery store.  Cheap, clean, works well.
When my electric can opener finally died after 10+ years I looked everywhere to find a replacement of comparable quality, looks, and functionality, but couldn't find anything to suit me.  I only have a need to open a can about once a month anyway so when I saw this OXO manual can opener I decided to give it a try.  I'm so glad I did.  This manual can opener is both easier to use and easier to clean than my old electric one.  It looks great, and lives in my &#34;gadget drawer&#34; so it doesn't take up space on my counter.  It handles really large cans with ease, and the over sized soft knob is a plus.  I'll never buy another electric can opener again!
I bought this for my parents as a gift.  After only 6 months the opener stopped working and broke in half.  I'm sure it was just a bad one though.  I also have this can opener in my home.  I've had mine for over three years and it is in great condition still.  I use it every day for vegetables or pet food.  It cleans up well and cuts evenly.  I haven't had any issues with a jagged cut, breaking or falling apart in any way.  I run mine through the dishwasher about once a week just to make sure it is super clean.
Oddly enough it rusts in only two places. One place you can scrub off the rust with a brush. However, it also rusts in place where the little sharp wheel is connected.  There is a small hole (you can see it in the picture) and it's gotten so bad in there that it's about to rust through. I gave it two stars because it is extremely functional and easy to use. But I can't for the life of me understand why they would design this so that the reverse side of the cutting wheel is exposed inside a small hole?
Wow !!!  How I wish that I had come across this "baby" a long, long time ago.  I would have saved plenty of money, time and annoyance with the other assorted can openers I had purchased over the years.This can opener is just the "best ever" and I mean that sincerely.  This can opener works so smoothly, so precisely, so gently--it glides easily with no effort....I find that I must watch it operate to know that it is truly opening the can I am intending to open....because it is just "that smooth" when it opens your cans.  I am so pleased and happy with this fantastic can opener....I tell everyone that will listen.  This is a fantastic product and so worth the investment. I absolutely love this can opener...and I just bet that you will too.
I have gone through so many can openers over the years.  I keep them clean, I keep them dry, I don't use them as weapons.  However, after a few months, they get cranky, and in less then a year, they stop working all together, and I have to get a new one.  I've tried cheap ones, and even some pricey ones, and they're all the same.  So far, this OXO can opener has lasted the longest.  It's outlasted all of them, and has not even started getting difficult yet.  I'm very excited.  Time will ultimately tell, but I can say this is the best one I've owned so far.
We've been using an electric can opener for years now, and it's all of a sudden decided to stop going around the can rim.  I contemplated getting another electric opener, but saw all the great reviews for this one and figured I'd give it a try.  I was definitely not disappointed.  It works much easier and quicker than an electric opener does!Very smooth can opening, no jagged edges to mess with, and, like I stated, much quicker than an electric.  It's a tad expensive but well worth the money.  I would highly recommend this product -- good for kids and adults with hand difficulties too!
I've gone through a few different models of can openers over the last 10 years or so. From the EZ DUZ IT model to a fancy kitchen aid. They all work, but not as well as this one. Love the build quality and construction. It's about as easy as it gets to use and cleans easily. So far, I've only had it for about 6 months, but I anticipate it will hold up for a few years at least. I try not to throw it in the dishwasher, because I get the feeling that is what ruins these things. As with most (not all) OXO products, you likely won't be let down.
I was hesitant to get another manual can opener, because they all seem to go kaput after a year or so.  After reading the reviews, we ordered this one, and we've opened about 20 things in the past couple weeks, and this is clearly the BEST manual can opener I have ever owned.  So easy, effortless.  Heloise or Dear Abbey once said to wash them in the dishwasher to keep the blades clean, and I do that, but in my experience, even that doesn't rescucitate them after awhile.  Bottom line - so far, so good. The test will be in how long it works like this.  They all start out relatively fine.  I'll report back.
While this can opener is commendable for how smoothly and easily it works, it does not cut through the last millimeter or two of the can top. This means you have to twist the top off, which leaves a tiny but very sharp protrusion. Given the usual high quality of OXO products, when I first bought this, I was sure I'd picked up a dud.  OXO replaced it quickly and with no fuss, but the second opener has exactly the same flaw. Now I see I'm not the only one to complain about this.
I've been using an ancient swing away for 25 years and it just didn't work anymore. OK, so it didn't owe me anything and worked great for the price but after trying this one by Oxo I didn't know how good a can opener could be. I know, how excited can you be over a can opener after all, it just opens cans right? Well yes thats all it does but it does it so easily and so cleanly it is truly a pleasure to use. It cuts clean and doesn't twist the can dumping liquid all over the counter. I love the handle which protrudes out just enough so you can get a good easy grip and it turns effortlessly. I think this is very well thought out, great product.
This can opener is better than any I have owned previously, but not perfect.  After a year or so, the gear mechanism is starting to slip when I first start turning the handle.  Also, the opener does leave a little strip of metal between the can and the lid, as some other reviewers have mentioned.  This is not a good thing, since sometimes the little strip falls into the can when I twist or bend the lid to completely separate it.  However, I have never owned one that doesn't do this.
I'm very happy with this can opener.  It has extremely smooth action and is effortless to use...very easy on the wrist!  I also like the fact that it's stainless steel so I don't expect it to rust as others have in the past.  I read the reviews on this product before I purchased it and do disagree with a few of them.  Although the can opener works great I have yet to have it completely detach the lid from the can.  When the opener has gone completely around the lid there is always a tiny piece of lid attached to the can that I have to twist off.  No problem as far as I'm concerned but I'm noting it because other reviews claim the lid is completely removed.
This OXO Can Opener replaces a similar opener of a different brand that, after probably 8 months of use, became difficult for me to use.  -  I appreciate this so much.  It simply, easily and quickly completes the job.  I have used it almost every day for about a month now and find that it readily punctures the lid; the large handle turns quite easily for my somewhat painful finger joints; the edges of the can lid are not as sharp as some other openers have left them.  I readily recommend this to you..
As a former Chef I am picky about using only quality kitchen utensils, and I heartily endorse this can opener. Most manual can openers have a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can, but not this beauty. It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it's large mechanical advantage and handle construction.This may look like a cheap can opener from the local retailer, but it's ease of use, durability, and the fact that it is dishwasher safe (many aren't) makes this the best value for the can opener dollar imaginable.
Bought this opener based on reviews. It works well but it does 'hang up' on cans if there is even the slightest dent. I either have to release the grip and reposition the opener or use a different can opener altogether - definitely a pain...  When it does work perfectly it is smooth and easy to operate whereas my other hand openers (I have 2 others) take a bit more effort.  If it worked perfectly I'd be singing its praises.  But - had I known it was going to have this issue I wouldn't have bought it - the slight increase in effort I have to use with my other openers wins over the 'frustration factor' of this one - not to mention at $17.99 it is much more expensive than any opener you can buy at your grocery store or Walmart.  Lately I find I'm reaching for one of my old openers when I need to open a can.
...this is the thought that immediately popped into my head upon first using this can opener. Whether or not it makes sense is irrelevant; the point is that this is an excellent can opener.Pros:-It's dishwasher safe (a lot of can openers aren't, apparently).-It feels solid and well-built.-Opening a can with it is remarkably smooth and effortless.Cons:-None so far.I originally mulled over whether paying ~$16 for a can opener was ridiculous when there are many cheaper options available. I'm glad I went through with it, though, because I've never used a better can opener in my life and it seems like it will last a very long time.
I bought this on Novermber 30, 2011, but I wanted to wait a little while before I wrote this review.  Can openers have been the bane of my existence over the last several years.  So, so many of them work great at first, only to fall apart or stop cutting after six months.  It's been over eight months now and this opener still works like new.I'm the cook in the house, and I cook a lot.  This can opener works very smoothly, with very little effort, is very comfortable in the hands, and has so far stood the test of time.  I will update immediately if it does break or lose functionality.  If you're reading this and there's no update, it's still working great with heavy usage.
I have been very pleased with my purchase of the OXO can opener.  This is heavy and very durable.  This can open anything from soup cans, large fruit cans, and large coffee cans easily.  I have read that OXO designs their products so they will be easy to use, and easy on your hands.  I have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use.  If you are looking for a replacement can opener, I think you will find this a good one to choose.
I remember when I was a kid and my parents got one of those electric can openers.  It was so fascination, espcially in those days when all we had were the real cheap manual openers that you had to be a weighlifter to try and turn.  We were mesmerized watching it do its work.  But as I got old it's problems became annoying such as the can simply falling from the magnet and spilling its contents all over your counter.  I've used manual openers ever since.I'm not sure why you'd want to pay more than $15 for a can opener.  That just seems silly to me.  This strong and durable one from Oxo does the job remarkable well.  Cuts cleaning and smoothly and goes all through the lid without your having to twist and pull that last little sliver of aluminum.  Solid construction that grips well in your hand and even kids can turn it without problem.  This really is the best bet for the money.  Highly recommended!
I don't like electric can openers so I am always looking for a nice manual one.  I've purchased a couple of really expensive European models from specialty cooking stores (I love those places but I tend to spend a LOT of money on impulse and then I don't always use the things that I buy).  The expensive pairs are nice but I have to say that they are not as comfortable as this one. I hate looking for a can opener when I need one so I keep several around. For the price this is a great value and even though I have large hands it's really comfortable.
Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times. At the last minute, when I am hurrying to get all my dishes finished at the same time, I might put forget to add hot liquid to flour or cornstarch, for thickening, and instead add the dry ingredient directly to the gravy or sauce. Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer (or cheesecloth) on hand. This OXO strainer is 6 inches across, so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing. The mesh is a fine gauge, so the gravy will end up smooth. This strainer also works well for removing seeds and lumps from fruit sauces, even after pureeing them in a food mill, or electric mini-prep or blender.
I love this strainer and have to say that it does a much better job of rinsing out water than my cuter tiny colander, which tended to collect water (sort of beside the point, right?).  This is a sturdy feeling little guy and I expect it to last for quite some time.  I find myself using it several times a day to drain berries, and it's also handy for straining home-made ice-cream (the initial custard step), sifting flour, dusting desserts with powdered sugar, rinsing rice, and for any small draining or straining needs.  Highly recommended!
I bought this mainly to use for a pumpkin pie recipe. The recipe said to strain a mixture of pumpkin and yams through the mesh strainer. I will not lie, it was a pain. But the mesh strainer was durable and easy to grip. I laid it over a bowl, and it stayed steady while I strained the thick pumpkin mixture. I think I pushed it's abilities to the max, but the important thing is, it held up. Great purchase, I bought another one just to have on hand.
Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times. At the last minute, when I am hurrying to get all my dishes finished at the same time, I might put forget to add hot liquid to flour or cornstarch, for thickening, and instead add the dry ingredient directly to the gravy or sauce. Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer (or cheesecloth) on hand. This OXO strainer is 8 inches across, so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing. The mesh is a fine gauge, so the gravy will end up smooth.
Nothing to complain on this one. It is a nice spatula. I am using it to cut and lift pizza and it does a great job. Easy to clean. I have two different ones from XOX - wanted to see if there was a difference in quality from the same brand, but a different model. They are exactly the same just a different grip  as you hold them. I do think that it is the kind of spatula that you can have for years with only a little common sense maintenance.
The handle on this spatula is the perfect width for holding.  I love the rubber grippers OXO adds to the side of the handle.  It makes for a comfortable cooking experience.  The angle from the handle to the blade is the right angle to be able to flip food comfortably.  I bought this to use with a cast iron skillet that melted my favorite plastic spatula.  This has a nice even edge so it can get under the food with a clean quick wipe. When done cooking,  I toss it in the dishwasher and it comes clean with no scrubbing and no fussing.  I have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before and OXO was very easy to deal with.  They are a great company that takes good care of their customers.
I have always found OXO's kitchen implements to be superior, and this stainless steel turner is no exception. It is ruggedly made and very well designed. It is ergonomically friendly to a human hand, and is thin enough to easily slide under delicate things in a pan or griddle without tearing them (a problem with many cheaper turners.)This is certainly not the cheapest turner on the market, but I imagine that it will easily last the rest of my life. It is also dishwasher safe, which is a huge plus. Overall this is the best value for your dollar if you are in the market for a stainless steel turner!
OxoSpoonReview (#59191)The quality is superb, the kind that's a pleasure to own, BUT:Imo, it is too large for the average user, AND:The ergonomics are off-mark: used at normal height (stovetop) the angle of the bowl to the shaft is completely wrong.  But if you use it a mid-thigh or knee level, it's exactly right.Fortunately, the shaft is not so difficult to bend, so now the angle is right.  But it's still too big (for me), can't figure a way to fix that.
I almost bought a Good Grips meat fork with a rubber handle until I saw this one. I love Good Grips kitchen tools, and have come to depend on the brand when I'm looking for a nice, solid, reasonably priced kitchen tool. However, in the past, my one complaint has been that when I store utensils in a crock next to the stove, those non-slip handles that I love stick together, and it becomes impossible to grab just one tool - you wind up pulling out 6. This handle fixes that problem. It still has the nice, comfortable handle with rubber on either side for grip, but the stainless steel is much easier to grab quickly out of the crock. I'll definately be looking for more tools with this handle. The fork itself is nice and sturdy, a good size, and handles well. I would reccommend this product.
This may well be the perfect fork. I like the OXO series of cutlery, and this is no exception. This fork is very well balanced and has a wonderful handle that is secure and resists slippage.The fork itself is made of stainless steel, and is dishwasher safe; a huge benefit not found on some high end cutlery today. The handle is in line with the other contemporary OXO utensils, with a stainless handle for superior durability and strength, but with rubberized fins on the sides to provide you with excellent grip, which is especially important on a fork of this size that can be counted upon to lift things like heavy roasts, etc. Another excellent feature is the barbed tines, which help prevent heavy items from falling from the fork during lifting.There may be a greater fork somewhere, but I haven't found it yet. For all your forking needs, this gets a big thumbs up!
I use this for a lot of purposes around the kitchen. Aside from skimming foamy debris off of meat stocks, this tool comes in handy when extracting dumplings and pasta from boiling water. It also use it when I make fried ravioli, mini egg rolls or any type of small food that is fried or poached. It does a nice job when draining oil or any liquid from food.This tool is a bit of a departure from the OXO tools I normally buy which have easy grip ribbed handles. It is stainless steel, nicely constructed, and has a hole in the handle so I can hang this from my tool rack. It can be washed in my dishwasher and always looks good.Silly reason to like this, but I love the stainless finish and the clean lines and attractive design. It has an ample skimmer with plenty of drain holes that make it functionl and easy to use.
I typically like OXO products, and I needed a steel spaghetti server, so I thought I'd give this one a try.  However, I was a little disappointed with this particular utensil when I first received it in the mail, as it's fairly light weight.  At any rate, I've already utilized it a few times now, and it seems rugged enough to do the job, plus it cleans up well in the dishwasher.  The jury is still out on this product though, as I want to see how it holds up over time.
I always had plastic ones of these before. They would either accidentally get laid down on a hot surface and melt, or just bend and break from trying to scoop thick heavy stuff. I decided to splurge and just get this, and boy am I glad I did! Scooped out cold spaghetti the other night onto a plate to heat up, and this thing did not even struggle or bend at all, and I wasn't being gentle. The grip is nice too. It's just a high quality kitchen utensil and I highly recommend it for someone who is fed up with the cheap ones. I will never need to buy another one of these again.
I got a whole set of OXO kitchen utensils. I was a bit disappointed to find these are stamped steel with rough edges. Not rough so much that they would cut you, but rough as in not a nice smooth high quality feel. I'm also not crazy about the handles as they force you to hold the tool in an exact position - I'm used to grabbing the tool maybe closer to the scoop for better balance.But they are okay, and a huge improvement over the plastic crap we had.Note: this is a standard review for all these tools. But I will say the rough edges actually work a little better for this particualr use of grabbing noodles. Hence, it got an extra star.
My daughter asked for a metal pasta server. I had not heard of one but I went on the search and found that were in fact quite a few different kinds of them. I decided on this one as I liked the look of it and I picked the right one. My daughter was thrilled with it. She said the handle was one of the better featured on it as it offered insulation from the heat. I am just glad I found the spoon that she wanted and she is very happy with it. I might even be getting one for myself.
I have bought this twice. I lost my first one while moving after owning it for about 5 years. I'm about 2 years into my OXO Steel Lasagna Turner #2. I have thought about buying a bunch more in case they ever stop making it. I want to have this in my kitchen my whole life!-It's  wide and can be used to pick-up large things that usually break when you flip them, like fried eggs or pancakes.-Cuts into food really well; a little sharp around the edges.-This is really good for browning meat. It's thin, so I find it keeps the golden brown on my chicken or burgers rather than leaving the good stuff on the pan.A true multi-purpose tool in the kitchen.
really like this turner...i purchased my first one 10 years ago +/-, after the years of using it, the rubber on the handle sides started to peel and break off, so i've replaced it.  I'm now thinking I should buy one or two more to last me my life...why ?? because i really like the size and i use it  for all my pancakes, eggs, burgers etc..and i don't want to change to another style.  beware you too might get attached to this simple thing
This spatula is the perfect size.  I love the big handles, easy to grab and hold on to if your hands are wet or greasy.  I bought this for a cast iron skillet.  It ended up being the my favorite spatula.  I use it for everything...hamburgers to hash browns.  When done cooking,  I toss it in the dishwasher and it comes clean with no scrubbing and no fussing.  I have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before on a different OXO product and OXO was very easy to deal with.  They are a great company that takes good care of their customers.
Like other OXO products, the OXO STEEL LASAGNA TURNER is a high-quality kitchen tool.  It is made of heavy-gauge stainless steel, has a solid, comfortable-to-hold handle, and is built to last a lifetime.  Basically, it is an appropriate serving tool for lasagna, sheet cake, brownies, or anything else that you bake in a single layer in a large, flat baking pan.The lasagna server has smooth (not serrated) edges.  Unlike theOXO SteeL Pie Server, it won't double as a portion-cutting tool.  However, it is an excellent wide spatula that is flexible but still stiff and sturdy enough to pick up and serve heavier foods like lasagna. The flat "blade" of the server measures 2-1/4" wide by 4-1/4" long.
By mom has one of these stocked in her kitchen and figured I could use one. The hardest part about this product is finding the name &#34;lasagna turner&#34; vs. spatula. The best part about this device is the angle between where you hold it and the surface touching the pan. It makes it easy to flip eggs, turn lasagna, and I love it for cakes and brownies that are so hard to eek out of the pan. The metal is good quality, easy to wash, no complaints here!
I am a very very VERY picky person when it comes to spatulas.... after moving in with my boyfriend I actually drove back home and got my old spatula from my parents house because the ones he had did not suffice.  This spatula meets all my needs.  I got one for my parents but didn't want to steal too much from them so I decided to buy my own but I have used it for tiramisu serving, lasagna serving (its technical purpose), making omelettes, flipping pancakes, flipping over easy eggs.... it works for literally everything because of its length and width and ease of the shorter handle to maneuver! GET IT!
I have no idea why this is called a lasagna turner.  It is the best  dishwasher-safe (no wood) spatula I have found, and I have searched high and low for something not too &#34;bendy&#34;  I like to be able to scrape burned stuff from my cast iron pans.  I like it that this is really strong.  (Actually one of these did break off after a couple of years' use, but now I see that they have a lifetime guarantee.)
Having owned this item for ?about a year?, it's already got a few rust spots on it. I put it in the dishwasher. Apparently, it doesn't like that. I like the size, especially for lasagna, or a large piece of cake ;), but it is not the first spatula I reach for any more since it rusted. My other spatula that's the same size has a wooden handle, so it's a pain. Sure wish this item was a bit better quality stainless!
I bought this and have been using it on an almost daily basis for about 2.5 months. The white and black looks chic, the rubber base helps hold the bowl down so things are not splattering all over the place. The size is enough for a family size batch of pancakes, or for washing a few cups of rice. The plastic is very durable and it does not stain. I have used spices and oils in it, but no stain...the tip of it is perfect for pouring. its a really great and durable product, well worth the price :)
Love it, love it, love it! I didn't buy it until I read every single review and decided I had to try it. High sides make for easy stirring, no slip bottom is AWESOME as I always did the &quot;bowl chase&quot; when trying to stir batters..rubber handle is a plus for grabbing and holding on, spout great for what I purchased it for: pouring batter for pancakes/waffles and easy clean. My husband refuses to mix in any bowl but that one so I constantly have to wash it out to get a turn! Awesome..
i have steel bowls, ceramic bowls, glass bowls, copper bowls, melamine bowls, pinch bowls, finger bowls...  lots of bowls.  i got these OXOs and now i kept the copper, the ceramic, and my OXOs: 2 5-qt, 1 3-qt, 2 1.5-qt, and 8 1-cup prep bowls (with lids!).  these OXO bowls are workhorses easy to hold and clean.  they are light and quiet (they don't bang on your counter).notes:*not for dishwashers.*clean with soft cloth or sponge if you are trying to keep the surface scratch-free.*like any plastic bowls, metal spoons, beaters, or knives will abraid the surface.if you are in production mode in your kitchen having a few of each of these bowls will make the job easier.  buy them buy the bag.1 cuppers are here:OXO Good Grips 4-Piece Prep Bowl Set with Lids1.5 qt.:Oxo Good Grips 1-1/2-Quart Mixing Bowl3 qt.: (not available on amazon.  boo.)five stars.
I have the whole set, 5qt., 3qt., and 1 1/2 qt.  Not the color of my choice, but I'm willing to overlook that for all of the great features.  I can continue using my favorite metal fork for mixing all of my kitchen creations and the non-skid base is a really great feature.  I can mix my muffins up and then pour directly into the muffin pan from the pour spout on the bowl.  They've been through the dishwasher a few times already and always come out clean with no stains.  Can't say enough good things about them.  Great purchase!
I don't have any complaints about this product yet, but I've only been using it for the past couple months. It is great for mixing anything. I love the rubber bottom to keep it from sliding. Sometimes I mix things while I walk around the kitchen, or since I'm short, I often put it on my lap to get better leverage, so it's great that this bowl doesn't add much weight. It is great that this is made out of plastic to keep it light-weight and relatively shatter-resistant (vs. glass/ceramic).
Okay, let's not get too excited over a common mixing bowl, but, this bowl is better than the "standard" glass or metal mixing bowls I used to have. The greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing. The handle is nice and a pour spout that actually works.Mixing with either metal beaters or soft plastic creates not a scratch on the surface of the bowl. It's easy to get every last drop out of the bowl and into the bake pan. Clean up is easy.The only issue I have, and they are really minor ones, is that the same size bowls do not stack very well (the 2 quart will fit nicely into the 4 quart). And the bowls only come in one color, not that I don't like white, it is just that sometimes a choice in color makes a nice variety.
Common problem: Trying to mix whatever with one hand while using the other to help your child or talk on the phone or do another kitchen task.  Common result: Mixing bowl slips and slides (maybe even off the table or counter).Solution: OXO mixing bowls.  The bottom of the bowl is coated with OXO's grippy-stuff.  Therefore the bowl is slip resistant.  It holds ITSELF in place (for most tasks).  For anything requiring brisk stirring or beating you will have to hold onto the easy-to-grip handle.Plus if you have a disability (like I do) your life is made much easier by a bowl that you don't always have to hold onto.This mixing bowl makes life a little easier.
I've owned one of these for probably the last 3-5 years or so.  It still works fine, and there's nothing particularly bad about it except maybe that it's ugly.  The plastic is easy to scratch as you would expect from plastic, the inside of mine is pretty scratched up.  The rubber parts in this design are fine, but I haven't particularly felt like they enhance the mixing bowl experience.  The size is larger than you might expect just looking at the picture.  I think if I had it to buy over, I'd get a metal one like theAmco 3-Quart Stainless Steel Mixing bowl.
This is a very comfortable bowl to use.  Made of sturdy plastic, it is much lighter than glass mixing bowls, which makes it convenient and easy to use. The handle is very ergonomic and comfortable to grip (really good when pouring batter into a pan, for instance), and the shape of the bowl itself is perfect for wrapping an arm around for those heavy duty mixing sessions.  The rubber on the bottom keeps the bowl right where you put it - no sliding.  I use this bowl the most of all my mixing bowls and am looking forward to getting a bigger one just like it. Oh, by the way - it's dishwasher safe, too. I've washed mine over and over and it still looks new.
The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier.  On my countertop, and water makes the bowl slip.  But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping, making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls, this one also has a non-stick handle.  Frankly, my hands get wet more often than my countertop, so the non-stick handle may turn out to be more helpful than the base.The 4 quart size is just about perfect for most simple cake, muffin or biscuit recipes.You will love this bowl.
I think very good for using a hand mixer.  They have the rubber side that you grip, and the substantial rubber-like base that really holds the bowl firmly against the table. IT does not appear to me that the rubber base will separate from the bowl (a good thing). Bowl itself is solid, substantial plastic that appears to be durable quality material.  And the grip is nice, a nice way to hold the bowl while mixing. I expect that you will want all three sizes after purchasing one size.
I have the 3 qt bowl, and I LOVE it.  I love it so much I ordered the 5 quart bowl for when I bake in bigger batches.But honestly, I still reach for the 3 qt bowl, and rarely use the 5 qt.  My issue with the 5 qt is the shape.  The sides are shorter than the 3 qt, so there is a lot more splashing and spilliage, especially if you're using a mixer.  If  were the same shape as the 3 qt but bigger, I'd love it.  But because of the shape (it basically has a very flat bottom with short sides, while the 3 qt is a true bowl shape with a rounded bottom), I hardly use it.
I was fixing to do some mixing in my kitchen one day.  I grabbed this bowl, tossed in some ingredients and went to town.  I mixed for days and days without ceasing...why?  Its not becuase I'm a crazed lunatic who likes to do the man dance on the rooftop...no...its because this bowl was magical.  It made me sing while I mixed.  I sang songs of mixing.  Sweet, tender yet robust songs.  I'll make an album of my mixing songs.  Look for me on TV soon.  Mixing and singing.
This bowl has been with me through pastries, salads, guacamole, and mashed potatoes, and everything between. There's nothing really special about it other than the non-slip lining on the bottom of the bowl that does come in handy on slick surfaces. Lip is convenient, too.My only real qualm is that it doesn't repel oils very well. Sometimes I'll toss something in olive oil or use a butter-heavy receipt in baking and the oil just sticks to the walls of the bowl. With most of my other bowls, some metallic some plastic, I simply rinse and it's ready for a new food.
A ton of baking goes on in our household and this bowl is a HUGE hit. The day in came in our door I have heard nothing but positive things about it.What we like:-They don't call it &#34;Good Grip&#34; for nothin! When you mix by hand or with a hand mixer, the bowl DOESN'T MOVE! Best feature by far.-Pouring spout makes emptying liquid ingredients very easy.-Cleaning this bowl is a breeze. I swear there is a coating that makes even dried on messes come right off. No scrubbing.-Very good looking and fit well with our kitchen decor.The only annoying thing about these bowls is that they are not dishwasher safe. Not that big of a deal especially since they clean so well, but still if I had to give a critique it would be that.If you do a lot of baking OXO Good Grips are perfect.
This has worked out perfectly for making waffles.  I have to make a double recipe, so the size comes in handy.  I was somewhat uneasy at first about the round bottom, but this has been no problem at all; the bowl isn't the least bit unsteady, even when I have the ladle in it for spooning the batter into the waffle maker.  It cleans up in the dishwasher just fine also.  Alternatively, I use this bowl for making jello, and then is when I really appreciate the pour spout.
couple of gripes:1. a metal whisk scratches the plastic (I use a metal whisk for every baking task except measuring, separating eggs and kneading).2. relatively shallow, so more to clean up afterward.  also, if I put my arm around the bowl, the ingredients spill.good points:it's big.  it's a good value (for the size). it's relatively lightweight, but sturdy. rubberized bits are helpful.conclusion:I'll use it for tossing/sifting ingredients, or holding larger quantities. won't use it for actual batter/dough making.
I have a Tupperware bowl that is ancient and worn that is the oerfect bowl for mixing anything and everything.  It is no longer available.  I always keep an eye out for a replacement.  One day at work a close friend was complaining her favorite bowl was about to bite the dust.  I bought two of these one for her and one for me. NOT sorry!  Almost same size and shape but actually improved with non skid bottom and side grip. Pour spout is another bonus. Two happy cooks.
Like the companion 5qt (and 3qt if we could find one in stock LOL), this is an excellent bowl to have.  The non-skid base and handle really make this product special.  It pours nicely - it's actually perfect for mixing up a batch of waffle or pancake mix and pouring directly onto the griddle.We do a lot of cooking and have an extremely well-stocked kitchen including a set of glass pyrex bowls in varying sizes and a set of stainless bowls in varying sizes.  More and more, we find ourselves reaching for these Oxo bowls to meet our mixing needs.With plastic, using a hand mixer or immersion blender is always iffy.  Thus far, these have held up very well to the wear of the beaters.  We're very anxious to obtain the 3qt size and are so impressed with the quality, we may just buy the 5qt/3qt/1.5qt set so we can have each size, and having double of the largest and smallest will NOT be a waste.  Great purchase!
I've owned and used several sizes of these bowls for the past two years. The ergonomic design with the rubber grip makes these especially easy to use. I'm probably not supposed to stick them in the microwave, but I do, and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo's stainless bowls. The bowls are also very easy to clean. Truth be told, they are just about as good as a mixing bowl can be unless you need something which also comes with a lid and can be used for refrigerator storage.
OXO makes really nice equipment and I find myself wishing more of my kitchen of my gear was made by them.  I was in need of some new mixing bowls, having a leftover plastic bowl from my mom since college and a very heavy porcelain one.I found this bowl very light to hold in the arm for whisking or stirring.  The no-skid bottom is absolutely fantastic and keeps the bowl put for heavy stirring or using a hand mixer.  The plastic itself is very sturdy and I haven't had any issues in the dishwasher with it.  Top all of that off with the easy pour spout and horizontal handle for pouring (making stacking a cinch) and you have a near perfect bowl.I can't imagine too much making this bowl better.  Get it, it's worth the price for sure.
I suffer from a weakness in my hands, which makes gripping and holding most bowls steady very difficult for me - usually I have to use both hands, which makes mixing ingredients a real problem.  This product is perfect for me.  The rubber bottom holds the bowl nicely in place for me (so I can hold it steady with one hand and mix with the other) and it's wonderfully large so that even if I do tip it a little, the contents do not spill all over the place.
I purchased both this 2 quart bowl and the 4 quart bowl.  I really enjoy cooking with these bowls.  They are an improvement over the standard glass or metal bowls that I use to have.  The rubberized bottom is the best feature, you can actually run the mixer with one hand and not have the bowl move all over the counter top.  The handle has a nice feel to it and the spout actually works without the dribble.I really like these bowls, except the same size bowls do not stack very well.  Not a big issue, I have enough storage space, but it would be nice to have a stacking feature.  Also, another color other than white would be nice.  Even with these two small issues, I will purchase more of these bowls for myself and as house warming presents.
The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier.  On my countertop, and water makes the bowl slip.  But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping, making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls, this one also has a non-stick handle.  Frankly, my hands get wet more often than my countertop, so the non-stick handle may turn out to be more helpful than the base.The 2 quart size is just about perfect for mixing simple sauces or marinades.Remember, this bowl is just about unbreakable too!You will love this bowl.
This is one of the best little tea kettles you'll ever find:  it looks great, sounds great, and functions quickly and effectively.  The nice even bottom surface ensures rapid boiling, and even at its hottest, the kettle is both simple and safe to use thanks to the unique &quot;uplift&quot; handle design.  Also, I have to smile every time I hear the kettle's whistle:  it's such a sweet little hum that starts out low and gradually gets louder (but never screeches).  Finally, the kettle is so attractive that I leave it sitting on my stovetop all of the time; an occasional application of Windex cleans it up beautifully.  Highly recommended for tea lovers!
Sequence of events that led to this review:1. I exchanged the first Oxo kettle I bought because the lid (not the spout) did not fit right, and the steam escaping from the top burned my hand.2. I returned the 2nd kettle because the lid was so tight I had to have my husband open it or fill it through the spout. (This made cleaning it impossible.)3. The 3rd kettle was returned beacuse it had flaws in the finish and would eventually turn into rust spots.I gave up and expressed my disappointment to Oxo about this kettle, They were kind enough to send one to me. This kettle was great -- at first; but, after awhile, the handle loosened up and, yes, steam began to escape.  It now sits atop my refrigerator looking down on my ten-dollar kettle that has lasted me for years.Save your money.  It's a great concept but short-lived.
I bought one of these and a regular red Oxo spatula, and I've found that I really don't need any others. I think I would reccommend the red over the white, just because you don't need to put any thought into which one to grab for the spaghetti sauce. I've left these in a hot pot of alfredo sauce for half an hour (OOps!) and it came out completely unscathed. Also love that nice grippy handle. Buy one regular red and one spoon shaped red Oxo spatula, and you won't need to buy any others!
I had a OXO Silicone spatula that I use day in and day out. When it finally started to chip a little bit (from a lot of abuse), I decided to buy a set which replaces the one I have and gives me two more to play with.The little green one is perfect for smaller containers like yogurt containers, measuring cups, food processor, etc. The red one that is symmetrical is perfect for cooking on the stove top. The white one was to replace my old spatula. I use it mostly while I bake, scraping off my mixing bowl and such. It is not as soft and pliable as my previous one, even though they look completely identical, so I don't like it as much. But I love the other two, and this set has a good variety.
This is a very versital spatula.  I bought the spatula for the handle.  The flexible rubber fins on the steel handle create a very comfortable feel and will NOT transport heat up the handle. The oversized grips create a very &quot;ergonomic&quot; feel and fits my hands without having to tightly grip the handle.The spoon head is very flexible and yet sturdy.  It can be used to stir the stiffist pancake mix and yet still clean the side of the bowl smooth.  It can also go from normal room temperatures to stirring the soup, sauce or chili without fear of the blade melting or leaving &quot;that plastic taste&quot; in the pot.A great product with flexible uses and a staple in my kitchen.
I like any tool that keeps me from having to make another tool dirty.  I can use this to mix what I'm going to cook and then use it to stir it as I cook it.I commonly use my food processor to chop vegetables or herbs.  Then I use this spatula (or the similar one with the straight blade) to scrape everything out of the food processor bowl.  Then I use the same spatula to stir the ingredients in the skillet or pan.  I have accidentally left this spatula in a kettle of stew for over 5 minutes.  Other plastic spatulas would have melted (I know from experience).  The OXO was not affected.The spoon shape and larger-than-normal size of this spatula make it excellent for folding beaten egg whites.As with (almost) all OXO tools I love the grippy handles and ergonomic feel.
The ultimate spatula. I have ordered several in this series, but this is the first that I have used. It is great. Even for non coated pots/pans, this utensil can get down to the fire and come out like new. A very impressive tool. It follows the contour of your pan without trying to scrape through to the burner, and makes it to the dishwasher unscathed. There are a few things that a steel spatula are needed for, but this gem will handle the rest of the tasks, while keeping all of your cookware looking like new.
I bought this thinking it would be better than all the cheap supermarket spoon/spatulas.  It is worse - the head is not sealed to the handle and batter / food / grease / whatever gets in the slot where the head and handle connect and is impossible to get out - soaking, dishwasher on heat boost - nothing works.  Also, 400 deg limit is iffy when using on the stove - 600 deg limit is much better.  Mine curled a bit when used on the stove, but since it had a permanent reservoir of filth, I tossed it anyway.  Better to splurge on the ones from Pampered Chef.
Pros:-Surprisingly affordable. I can't believe the money I've wasted on cheap spatulas that crack and break when I could have been using these.-Very comfortable to hold.-Heat resistant and dishwasher safe.Cons:-They take up too much space in my cooking utensil jar/container because the handles are so big. However, I wouldn't trade comfort for smaller handles. Guess I'll just need to get a bigger jar or find a new place to put these :)Depends on your preference:-They are quite stiff. I actually like that about them. I've used spatulas that were so floppy they would fold in on themselves when they ran into something thick (peanut butter jar, anyone?) and I don't have that problem with these.
I've bought several spatulas over the past 18 months trying to replace all of my old rubber ones which deteriorate with use.  I couldn't find any small ones locally though, which I really need for scraping the sides and bottoms of various jars and small bowls.  Since I have other Oxo products and love them, I thought I would try these.  All I can say is that I love them!  I bought two, one blueberry and this tomato one, and will be buying others soon.  They wash beautifully in the dishwasher and haven't picked up odors as rubber ones sometimes did.
I was looking for a very small spatula - more in the 6 - 8 inch long size - and couldn't find anything, so decided to try this one with it's smaller size head and it works fine. You can scoop out the last bit of yougurt in the container, get the last of the soup from the can or clean out the saucepan. Wish this company would make one about half the length with a smaller head as that is a very useful size for so many things. However, this will do until then. Cleans just fine and the color choices are good, got the Vanilla and the Red one.
Durable product with good design and ergonomic features. Firm ergonomic handle allowing for good dexterity and leverage. I also like the handle is a rubber then it transition into a hard matte plastic, you should be able to see this in the photo. I like the matte finish of the OXO plastic, it doesn't look cheap and withstands scratches and chips. From my experience other companies that use a gloss finish, their products seem to attract scratches leaving them to look expired before they really are. I like my things, even my kitchen utensils, to look nice. My only one complaint is that the plastic will melt, even if left touching for a short length of time something hot, like a hot pot or baking sheet. I would think that they industry would have solved that issue by now. These are dish washer safe, they won't melt in the dishwasher and they clean up easy.From my experience OXO makes the best products for the price.Buy OXO you won't be disappointed.
I really liked this spatula, the Tomato color made it easy to find in my kitchen utensil drawer.  It was a sturdy scraper for getting all the thick sticky cookie dough out of bowls, and I liked the feel of the handle in my hand.  I said "was", as after a year of frequent use the spatula head came off.  I couldn't use it after that, the spatula tip just wouldn't stay on, so it went to Kitchen Utensil heaven. *cries*Perhaps it's because I washed it in the dishwasher?  It's possible, but I really want a spatula that can be put in the dishwasher.  It would seem I'm not the only one this has happened to, so OXO Good Grips needs to use space glue to make sure those spatula heads don't come off.
I purchased a few of these for myself and friends. From the day I got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool, especially since I could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies. One day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot. I wrote to OXO about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me. Anyway, I am now using a KitchenAid product which feels much more sturdy and KitchenAid responds to e-mails IMMEDIATELY.
After the spatula I purchased from WalMart broke (snapped while trying to stir cookie dough), I was in the market for a new spatula. As always, I first turn to Amazon to see what's out there. I saw these, they got great reviews, and bought them. I love them. They are strong, easy to hold, and clean up easily.  They are strong without being brittle. They are easy to grip and hold on to.  I've had them for a couple of months (I bought them at the same time as the Good Grips Mixing Bowl set, and they are a winning combination!  It'd recommend these to anyone.
I love OXO, and have a number of their spatulas and spoonulas.  I'd never seen this small one in stores - maybe I wasn't looking very hard.  It occurred to me that I needed one at this size - to get into smaller jars.  It works great, and I realize how much I was missing something like it in my kitchen arsenal.  It's size makes it easier to maneuver on spreading tasks, where its bigger brother isn't as nimble.  I wish it were cheaper, but the quality and utility make up for it.
This is a great kitchen tool...  didnt know how helpful it would be until i got it.  That it isnt metal and is heat safe to 400 degrees is wonderful!  (there are some rated to higher temps, but for me this one has worked out great)It is comfortable to use and easy to clean.  Even when i have left it in a pan of scambled eggs and not cleaned it or a good while, i dont have to soak it to get any remaining *residue* off..I have found the one with one rounded and one straight edge a bit better for *scraping* the sides of pans and bowls but that might just be apersonal preference as i have both.  if i only had one i think i would get this one because it is better for mixing and almost as good for stirring hot pots.a great value for the price.
Ok, well that is exaggerating a bit but I loving having this board scraper around. I used to scrape up veggies on my chefs knife to transfer to the skillet but the blade is never wide enough to just make it with one trip and then there is the sharp edge to worry about. This board scraper is great because the edge is slightly sharp, but not really enough to worry about and the blade is wide enough to get nearly all of the veggies to the pan in one pass. The handle is made of a rubberized type material and is still easy to grip even if your hands are wet. One minor complaint is that the handle is on both sides so you can't smash a garlic clove anywhere on your cutting board, but it really isn't much of a problem since I've gotten used to just smashing the clove near the front edge where I can just have the handle hanging off the edge of the cutting board.
I have owned one (the same one) for about 15 years and I use it several times daily.  A very useful item.  I use it as a counter scraper when baking and as a salad and sometimes nut chopper, also to scrape the cook-top on my ceramic range.  I sharpen it on a diamond stone every couple of years, it holds its edge well.  I wash it mostly by hand but sometimes in the dishwasher.  The hard rubber handle shows no sign of age. The blade is 1mm thick. I rounded the corners slightly to prevent gouging when I use it to scrape my wood cutting boards.  I scrape with the blade near perpendicular to the surface, bad for any blade but it holds its edge so hey.
It's not sharp enough to do any serious chopping, and not very ergonomic for that purpose either.  But if you already have it out for another reason, give it a shot and see if it works well enough to avoid dirtying up a knife.  I use it for scraping and pastry work, and it works fabulous for both of those purposes.  I downgraded it a star because the handle is thicker than it needs to be and takes up unnecessary space in the drawer.  A thinner handle would make it 5 stars for me.
I have a King Arthur Flour scraper and I prefer the OXO over it. It has a somewhat sharp edge. It is not sharpened at the angle of a regular knife blade; it is somewhat blunt-about a 70 degree, inclusive angle. This still makes it a snap to pinch off dough. It is also usefull for cleaning my wooden cutting boards or any flat surface you might want to scrape or collect bits off of. The scale is a "bit of fancy" that some might find useful. The handle is somewhat soft, and very well ergonomically designed. It fits the hand and palm comfortably, unlike the KAF's wood handle (not to mention its totally blunt edge).
This is a handy gadget!  For example, it's great for shoveling up a pile of diced anything from the cutting board and sliding it off into the pot.  Quality is excellent, has ergonomic handle.  Imo the scraping edge could be just a little sharper (but not enough to cut fingers!).One of the best uses I've found: sliding chopped onion off onto a pizza, makes it easy to get even distribution.  Haven't tried this yet, but I think it will be quite good for "crumbling" hamburger as it cooks (a vexing chore).Added Dec 25:I have since used it to "crumble" hamburger and it works much better than a turner or spatula.  More efficient, easier grip, less tiring to the hand.  Perhaps not the thing to do if using a coated (non-stick) pan.
I'm not a baker or pastry chef. I'm just a working guy that likes to cook home style meals like Grandma used to make.This scraper is of  good quality, heavy stainless steel. The handle is comfortable and seems to be securely attatched.When I got this it had a pretty decent edge on it but I ran it through my knife sharpener. It's now very sharp. I can slice my home grwon vine ripened tomatos with it. I use it for everything. I can trim and cut meats, I've cut baby back ribs, chicken breast and sirlion, I chop veggies, dice potatoes, it cuts pretty much anything. My knife hasn't been out of they drawer since I got this.Buy 2. You'll find this to be so useful, that like me, you'll want 2.I'm ordering 3 more, one more for me and 2 for friends.
This scraper, like all Oxo Good Grips products, has excellent handle "feel", and is more comfortable than any others I have used to date.  Its edge is not razor-sharp, but it is sharp enough to cut many things in addition to pastry (but more care is required when using it - especially when young children are present). The ruler along the cutting edge is a nice useful feature too.The negatives for me are: The blade is very inflexible, unlike most others I have used. It is made in China, so I'm not sure how long the perfect stainless-steel blade will remain stainless.Not perfect - but close!
I don't bake much anymore, I live alone and am diabetic so making a batch of brownies (mmm brownies) would not be a good thing, since I could easily eat an entire batch myself in a few days. I do chop a lot of veggies, though and this thing works great for transferring them to the pot/pan without losing them to the floor in the process. It is a sturdy little thing, I've had it around 8 years and it's had many many trips through the dishwasher in that time and held up nicely. Highly recommended!
Been making a lot of bread lately and my plastic scrapers weren't doing that good a job.  Kneading and forming a sticky bread dough on granite was leaving little bits and pieces stuck to the surface and then I was having to scrub them which  resulted in floury goo on the sponge and at least a couple of passes on the counter to remove the goo and then the floury haze.This scraper easily cleans the counter and gets just about everything into the dough, and any remainder scraped off counter before sponge does final rinse.A time saver and easy to use
This has been the best pastry scraper I have ever used. I use it to scrape dried dough off my counter, and, also use it with alittle flour on it to help pick up pastry and cookies when they stick to the counter top. I push the pastry 1/2 way onto the scraper and gently push it off onto the baking sheet, works wonderful. The edge has a measure line on it also. The edges are slightly sharpened at an angle, nothing really to cut yourself on, do not let you children play with, the edges are sharp and they could get cut, this is not a toy, so keep everything pushed back on your counter, when you put you baking in the oven, anytime you turn your back, even so quickly, something could always happen. A word to the wise.Sincerely,David Kahle-Super Chef
If you've been using a spatula to pry pastry off the board you've probably been tearing up as many pie crusts as you've made. If not the bottom crust, then the top, it never fails. This tool is wide enough and the blade thin enough to easily scrape up your pie dough each time and every time. It also gives you the confidence to roll thinner dough. Using the Betty Crocker two crusted pie dough recipe I was able to roll the dough thin enough that I actually had about a quarter of a cup left over. Thin pie dough is flaky tasty pie crust. They'll think you're a professional baker.
This has been such a handy tool. It's sturdy, not flimsy. The handle is solid and easy to grip I really like that the measurement numbers are engraved/etched permanently and NOT just painted on. The blade itself, doesn't flex or bend at all, but is thick and sturdy. I love to use it for clearing the counter of flour and whatnot after rolling or kneading baking items, scooping up mounds of chopped things to toss them into pans or bowls, cut brownies evenly sized, unstick dried bits off the counter or steel pans, and much more. It pretty much does it all!! Be sure to purchase a few to add to bridal shower gifts, too!
The &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; is very sturdy, cleans up easily, and is excellent for cutting yeast dough without tearing the gluten strands. The 1/4&#34; markings on the 6&#8221; blade are extremely useful since, when directions call for specific sized pieces, the markings save having to estimate size.  Further, because they are &#8220;engraved&#8221; into the blade&#8217;s surface, there is little danger of scrubbing off the markings.  The cushioned grip is comfortable to hold.  If you bake frequently, the &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; will be a valuable addition to your baking tool collection.
I used to use something like this all the time when I worked in a deli, but I find it useful at home all the time. It's great as a pastry cutter and helps get veggies from cutting board to cooking vessel in bulk. I haven't tried chopping anything with but maybe for bread or pizza dough it could be pretty good.The handle is a little wide / awkward to use tho, I think it would have been better if it was a little taller and thinner then so short and round. I think it's just personal preference tho.
OXO is known for making high quality, useful products at affordable prices.  As far as this product goes, it meets all three of those expectations!!!  I bought mine to use on my cutting block.  I find myself dicing fruits and veggies and reaching for my OXO to slide them off the side of the board and onto a plate, etc.  Sure, this may be for pastry use, but I find it to be quite good for everyday use.  The edge is slightly sharpened at the bottom which makes chopping through smaller items a breeze.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this product.
I have wanted one of these forever. This one is really sturdy and has a good, soft, easy to hold grip. I haven't used it for baking ( scraping) yet, but I used it for chopping. I prefer my chef's knife for more precise chopping/dicing but this tool is handy for quick chopping of celery, onions, nuts, etcetera. I imagine the edge could be sharpened to make it more effective as a chopper. The size of the blade makes it nice for swooping up the chopped material for transfer to the pan.
This kitchen tool I use almost every day.  Great for cutting, chopping and scraping, I wonder what I used to use before I got one of these.  Now I give them as gifts, to my kids as they have left the house, and for wedding gifts. (Goes nicely with a brownie pan or cookie sheet.)  I use mine for making scones, cutting brownies, scraping dough, cutting butter, so many different uses.  It's very sturdy and will last my lifetime I'm sure!
This scraper comes in handy for so many things.  I mostly use it for putting chopped foods into whatever I am cooking, but I do use it for baking and sometimes measuring.  I tend to get this out when I start cooking without even thinking about it.I have started rolling out biscuit dough into a square and using this scraper to cut it into square biscuits.  Not that it takes much time with a biscuit cutter, but it goes faster and I only roll out the dough once (better biscuits).  This also makes handling doughs easier than trying to use both hands.  I've also used it to slice cookie dough and it works great.I like the handle a lot.  It's easy to hold and use.This is not the most innovative item for the kitchen, but it is well worth having.  I'd bet anyone would be happy having this scraper in their kitchen!
&#34;Pish posh, another gadget,&#34; I sniffed when I saw this scraper/chopper.  For years I struggled with metal spatulas and butter knives cutting all sorts of foods thinking that was just the way things had to be.  How very wrong I was.  I purchased this scraper/chopper on a whim and when it arrived I immediately noticed that it's a really nice size.  The molded handle fits comfortably in the hand and gives me the leverage I need to cut things in pans.  The blade is heavier than I was expecting, it doesn't flex at all and has a slight tapered edge to bite through the toughest baked goods.  Best of all, it works like a charm.  I was able to cut things up in a fraction of the time and I didn't end up with tons of food gunking up the blade messing up subsequent cuts.  This is a very handy tool and I would recommend it to anyone who cooks.
This product arrived quickly and undamaged.  We have already utilized it multiple times (bread and pizza doughs) and it works well for our home baking needs.  The plastic handle is comfortable to grip and to apply pressure.  It also cuts through the dough easily. I am unaware if this is professional grade since my wife and I are new to the bread and baking world, but considering that we are true beginners, it is much better than we expected and makes dough working much simpler once you work with it a little.  I hope this review helps.
The OXO Good Grips line has done it again with their Pastry Scrapper/Chopper. I picked it up after I began working with dough more often, and wanted something that would work better with pastry than just a standard kitchen knife. It works excellently for pastry scrapping and chopping, but it does so much more than that. For anything that needs a rough cut (i.e. tomatoes for sauce), this is now my go-to device. The rulings on it make it great for seeing how large my chunks are, when trying a new recipe that calls for things to be cut to a certain size. In addition, I often don't want to dirty and clean an expensive kitchen knife, when I could use this trusty workhorse and throw it in the dishwasher afterward. Pick one of these up for your kitchen, you won't regret it!
Oxo is fond of rubberized grips, which do make for comfortable usage. I honestly don't think there is much to a Pastry tool such as this to help convince you whether you want to purchase it or not.It's a simple multi-purpose tool and made well, comfortable, has convenient measurements etched into the sides and priced reasonably well.The only disadvantage to having a nice comfortable grip is that it is bulky and takes up an uneven amount of drawer space since it doesn't sit flush on its side. Your mileage may vary depending on your drawer space and orientation.
I do a lot of baking, especially bread and this handy little thing is just what you need to lift the loaves or cut the dough. I have two of these because they are super for cut up meat. I don't like to use the same one for meat and dough. The other one is from another site and I paid almost double what this one cost and it isn't as nice as this one. This one has a nice rubber handle which makes it solid to hold. When I cut up meat for stir frying these are perfect for picking the meat up and carrying it to the pan. I use them both a lot.I can't imagine not having one for so long and I've been cooking for over 50 years.
It's so useful. I use it for shoveling off the cutting board into the pan mostly, but it's super nice for baking pastries. The sharpened edge is handy for easy chopping if you notice something that slipped through the process. Would buy it again. I'd only hand wash this though, keep it out of the dishwasher (as with all other knives and anything you want to last for awhile). I've had mine for awhile and it looks brand new. It's one of those things that you can't imagine yourself using, but once you have it you realize how much time it saves. Get it, you'll be glad you did.
I really love this thing.  I use it for scraping when I'm cleaning my kitchen, like anything dried on the counter or burned spills on my glass stove top.  It's also good for when I'm making dinner to use to scoop up chopped things onto it to put into a bowl or pan.  The quality is excellent.  It's actually pretty heavy for its size.  So far it has been very durable.  Easy to clean.  Usually it rinses right off, or I put it in the dishwasher and it cleans up great.  It was a really good buy in my opinion.
I bought this pastry scraper/chopper because it had been recommended by America's Test Kitchen.  I am very happy with my purchase.Appearance:- Thick plastic handle grip at the top.- There are 6 inch increments at the bottom of the blade for measuring while cutting.Quality:- Very solid feel in your hand.- Stainless steel blade.Usability:- I needed a pastry scraper or chopper to divide dough for rolls or monkey bread. Previously, I used a knife to slice the dough.  This works much better, because it's taller than the knife and the angle is pushing down on the dough instead of slicing.  Usually, my dough is formed into a large ball or disc shape that might be an inch or two high, and while working with a knife, I would have to pull the dough apart as I sliced it with a knife to cut all the way through it. That is no longer an issue.I'm very pleased with the quality, feel, and performance of this pastry scraper.
I've been very happy with this scrapper.It's worth knowing that unlike many scrapers this one relies on being sharp instead of being thin and flexible to scrape.  I'm not sure if I find this to be an advantage or a disadvantage.  It makes it a more multi-functional product for sure; however, I think it might slightly compromise the dough-scrapping-from-counter flagship role.  I'm certainly not going to try and find a different scraper, just thought the difference was worth mentioning.The markings on the blade are very helpful and the nice thick handle makes it easy to use.
I finally ordered this after getting tired of hand scraping pastry off of the (clean) countertops when baking and I am very pleased with this purchase! It has so many uses. I now use it daily to scrape veggies and fruits off of the cutting board, scrape things off of the countertops, and for light chopping now and then. It is also excellent for cutting pizza (works better than my pizza cutter!), cutting sandwiches, just about anything! It's now my favorite kitchen utensil and I'm so glad I ordered it.
This is one tool she uses to make all her traditional foods that involve dough.  She said the weight of this is just right since she has used this kind of scraper in other people's homes. She would always said oh it's not like the one I have. She loves the shape of the handle. It gives her a good grip with staining her hand.  She's been using this for years and still continues using this. Would buy her a new one if this one ever decides to break.
Although this is described as a pastry scraper, we have found it has many uses. It is an all-purpose scraper/cutter. Oxo is known for ergonomically designed tools, combining form & function.  This is perfectly balanced & weighted  & fits the hand of many people (from kids to big men).A well designed piece of equipment like this makes cooking even more pleasurable & helps to broaden the scope of your culinary talents!This tool is very helpful in the creation of the perfect pizza, breads, doughs, and yes-even meatloaf!
I now make naan, flour tortillas, and gyro bread.  I LOVE being able to so easily cut the dough into portions (12, 16, 12).  What I like, too, is using the scraper to pat the tortilla dough into a more uniform shape before I cut it so the portions are equal.  The key to fluffy flour tortillas is to work the dough as little as possible.  At least it is on the recipe I use (flour, olive oil, milk, salt, and baking powder).  So, this awesome cutter does double duty for me!!
I bought this scraper along with aJohn Boos 20-by-15-Inch Reversible Maple Cutting Board, and couldn't be happier with it as a tool. In my opinion, it's a must-have for anyone with a large wood board that's not easy to move, or someone with a butcher block countertop. It's easy to clean, unlike other bench scrapers with a rolled handle which can trap food particles inside. I use it every time I use my cutting board, and most of the time I just rinse it off and let it dry beside the board. It is also very handy for cutting pizza dough, dividing scones, smashing garlic, and measuring thickness of meat to determine cooking time. The measurements are engraved into the metal and won't wear off.
Love this Pastry Scraper!  I can't believe I have never owned one. If you make anything with dough... I have found it is a must have.  I have large hands and this scraper fits in my hand perfectly without feeling like I have to hold on to it too tight.  The handle feels wonderful and seems to be kind of &#34;non-slip&#34;.  I have also used this to coarsely chop some almonds and it worked great.  If I had to choose one of the best things I have in my utensil drawer, this would definitely make the top ten.  What a wonderful tool.
I bake a lot. I have always just cut my pastry and bread dough with a knife. I saw this and I thought I'd give it a try. I love it! I feel like a professional baker! I cut through my pastry dough with ease. When the pastry starts to stick I just scrape it up and dust a little flour under it. When I'm all done, I use the scraper to make clean-up a breeze. I just gently scrape my work surface with this scraper to remove excess flour and dried up dough or pastry and then I wipe up the rest. This makes all my baking projects so much faster and more professional. Get one and you won't regret it!
I knew I'd need this someday, but didn't realize how often I'd reach for it. I recently made petit fours and could not have asked for a better kitchen tool to help me along the way. The ruler is so handy when aiming for uniformity in pastries. It is a tall tool, so I was able to cut through multiple layers easily. It cuts cleanly and is sharp enough to do so without being so sharp that you have to watch your fingers. The grip is very comfortable. The blade is thin enough that I will use this when trying to get too-tacky pie dough off a surface. I would not use this for cutting hard vegetables. It is not meant to be used as a knife. The metal is thin enough to be useful on delicate cooking projects, while maintaining a straight edge and never bending. I highly recommend getting one of these to add to your kitchen tool arsenal. You'll undoubtedly find a use.
Oxo's Good Grips Pastry Scraper is an indispensable tool in the kitchen, not just for dough scraping / dividing, but also for cutting brownies and fudge, chopping chocolate, and even chopping nuts and veggies.Hefty in the hand, the pastry scraper is a substantial weight with an ergonomic handle that makes it easy to hold onto. However, the blade is lethally sharp; be particularly cautious if you're chopping something hard like carrots where the blade is likely to bounce or slip; a trip to the emergency room might result (haven't had it happen with this, but two of my (klutzy) family members sliced themselves open on theOXO Good Grips Mango Splitterblade). This is an invaluable tool for slicing brownies or bar cookies in the pan, for dividing yeast doughs before baking, and for chopping last-minute ingredients; in fact, you might want to order two, since this might become your favorite kitchen tool.
I have never found an OXO item that I did not love, and this bench scrape is no exception.  It is made from a fine grade of stainless steel with a perfect edge.  It is not sharp enough to cut a klutz like me, but it picks up every morsel perfectly well.The handle is the standard OXO Good Grips material and is very comfortable in the hand.  It is sealed very well to the stainless steel so there is no worry of water getting in between. I like having this rubbery handle, as opposed to the ones I've seen with the rolled stainless steel handle, because it is easier to grip.
My son decided he wanted to make a double batch of decorated sugar cookies for the holidays. We used the recipe in Joy of Cooking which is tasty but stuck terribly to our board. We tried everything....putting the dough back in the fridge, using wax paper and nothing worked.Then I remembered that I had bought this pastry scraper a few months ago and stuck in in my baking cupboard.  I found it and it was like night and day getting those cookies rolled and cut.A great product, very sturdy and I won't try to make cookie cutter cookies without it again! :-)
Yes, it's good at what it does: scraping. As an added bonus, there are measurements on the scraper in case you really need to get precise with the dough you're scraping off the counter. This thing does a great job of cleaning up the countertop after kneading bread and getting flour all over the place. So it really does do more than scraping: you can use it to divide dough, clean gunk off the counter, release sticky dough from a smooth countertop, measuring something that's less than 4" long, fight ninjas, etc.
Why wouldn't you buy a tool that is this handy, is this well-built, and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  You need this not only to help scrape up dough scraps from your countertops, but you need it to help you guide sticky dough off of your counter and onto the pie plate you want to put it into.  It wants to help you divide dough into halves, quarters, and thirds with ease.  In fact, this may be one of the most useful tools in your kitchen.  If you don't have one, get one.  If you got it somewhere else, you probably paid too much.  Besides that, the handle is comfortable and cute.
I own many kitchen tools.  I cook a lot and use my kitchen tools all the time.  This pastry scraper, much to my surprise, is my &#34;go to&#34; tool!  I originally bought it to use for my bread making process.  But - wow this pastry scraper is a whole lot more!  I use it to divide dough, chop veggies, scrape things up from the cutting board or counter in bulk (this scraper picks up a lot at one time), cut up brownies and other bar type bars, and I could go on and on!  For the price and the utility of this item you must have this item in your house (if you love to cook!).
I've had cheap dough blenders before, and the blades always ended out pushed out of line from the butter or from the dough itself... and they were impossible to clean! But the OXO Good Grips is fabulous... the blades don't move, so your cutting is always right on and even, and because it's so sturdy, the blending is done in no time! It cleans easily -- just toss it in the dishwasher. And the famous OXO grip makes it easy to hold and doesn't hurt your hand. Much better than cheapo dough cutters, and you'll never use the two-knife system again.
I was visiting a friend who didn't own a pastry cutter, so we ran to the store to get one.  All they had was this Oxo Dough Blender, so even though I prefer a blender with blades, I bought this by default.  What a mistake!  When I tried to chop the shortening into the flour (for a pie crust), this piece of junk only SMASHED the shortening into the flour, and I couldn't create the 'pea-sized' shortening pieces that allow you to have a light, flaky crust.I do not recommend this blender at all!  It ruined my pie crust!  I only recommend a pastry blender/cutter with BLADES that chop the shortening into the flour, or the butter into a streusel topping.  Oxo actually sells a correctly bladed one (the "Oxo Good Grips Dough Blender with Blades"), so why would you buy their inferior dough blender??
I bake many types of scones and pastries that demand perfect blending.  That means the fat and flour must be blended well, but not overblended.  This tool has taken a lot of the hard work and time out of the old way of using two knives in scissors action.  The overall balance to weight ratio is excellent; the handle is a good diameter and width, and the tines are spaced apart nicely.  The design of the tines makes reaching all parts of the bowl to pick up flour a breeze.  Cleanup is easy since you can toss it into the diswasher without fear of rust.  I highly recommend this product from novice to pro.
It's very hard to find a nice dough blender and this one is really nice.  The grip is wonderful and it cuts down that pie crust making time in half. This is a real Godsend during the holidays when you're making all those cookies and cutting in the butter, as well as all your pies. My only complaint is that one of the tines bent a little but other than that, I have no problems with it and use it quite frequently.  I became quite weary of using a fork to cut in my dough and actually got lazy and tossed it all into my Kitchenaid mixer before I bought this blender.  It washes up beautifully in the dishwasher and is basically something EVERYONE needs to have in their kitchen.
There's not that much to say, is there?  This dough blender works perfectly.  It's much faster and more comfortable than the old &quot;two knives&quot; method. And it's sure easier to clean than a food processor.  For making biscuits, pie or tart crust, or any other kind of baked pastry product, it's a great tool to have. It costs less than $10, so if you're thinking about getting it, stop thinking and do it.A tip:  if you're good at planning ahead (I'm not, unfortunately), you might want to try putting it in the refrigerator an hour or so before using it, which will help to ensure that the butter doesn't melt excessively before you can finish cutting it into the dough.
For me, a person who doesn't need something like this all that much, this was just perfect.  It has a low price and is very comfortable to use.  It works effectively and I have had it for about 2 years.  In that time I have had to use it several times and it has worked well even on a dough that was mostly shredded cheddar cheese with a bit of flour.  That kind of dough I would think is harder to work with than a regular dough and this worked just fine.I don't know how this would hold up under daily use or in a professional setting.  In a home setting with an occasional user like myself this has been wonderful.  It has cleaned up very well which was  a wonderful surprise.  The grip was very comfortable even on the stiff cheddar cheese dough.This is the kind of item that stored reletively easily and is nice to have in case you need it.  For the price this is a great one to own.
I have had this sifter for 5 years.  Until this holiday season, I was an occasional user.  I like how the small sift area.  I like how this didn't rust.  I like the top and bottom covers a lot. However, today my sifter fell apart from all the sifting!  I guess I was giving the handle too much stress.  I am amazed that this isn't a better sifter out there -- other styles rusted, or the flour flew out while cranking, or the squeeze handle caused hand cramps.  I may try the electric sifter next because my hand tends to cramp easily, but that will only work with AP flour or bread flour.  I can't believe someone hasn't invented a much better sifter for the baby boomer generation.
We do not use a sifter too often, but we did need a sifter for the times where it is really required.  Overall, this sifter is sturdy and carries the Oxo name with pride.  However, the actual sifting mechanism seems a bit loose (it has been working great for months and will likely continue to do so for many years to come).  Also, it takes a good bit of time to sift a large quantity of flour.  It might help to have a larger container or a different type of mechanism.  But if you need something larger you are likely looking at a different sifter anyway.  While it could be improved upon, this sifter is by no means a bad product.  In fact, it is a very good product and meets/exceeds our needs.  The Oxo Good grips Flour Sifter is recommeded for most people.
Oxo wins again with this handy gadget! (Excuse the pun)  It is easy to use and can be operated one-handed using a side-to-side motion.  It has tight-sealing lids for both the top and bottom, so you can leave flour in it all of the time.  It holds two cups, which is perfect for most applications, yet it remains small enough for easy storage.  I had been using a strainer, which can be pretty messy, so this was a big step up from that.One thing to note regarding the tag for arthritis on this...  I have psoriatic arthritis, which effects my hand & wrist joints.  After  typical use with this sifter, my wrist joint is pretty sore.  I do not think this is a better option than traditional sifters, in that regard, but I thought I would mention it.  Perhaps the tag is there because the handle is more ergonomic...
As someone who a) does a lot of baking and b) has had arthritis for the past two decades, Oxo's Good Grips Sifter is a lifesaver for sore hands. Instead of the usual squeeze trigger found on metal sifters, the Oxo sifter swings from side to side, no squeezing required.In addition to the user-friendly design, the Oxo can measure up to two cups of flour, and the included top and bottom storage lids add to its versatility. This is a wonderful gift for any cook.
Lots of reviewers have commented about how it took them minutes to sift a single cup of flour. I sifted 3 cups worth in about 15 seconds, and I wasn't shaking it excessively either. The sifting action works well, and I did not have any problems with flour going all over or needing to use a super large bowl to catch it all. Honestly, I don't know if the other reviewers got a bad item, or if they were trying to sift a coarsely ground material, but it works fine.
I used my new sifter yesterday for the first time.  What a disappointment!  It was extremely slow to sift 1 2/3 cup of flour, taking about 4 minutes.  The side to side, shaking motion was tiring, so much so that I had to move the sifter to the other hand.  I was surprised at that as I think I have strong hands and wrists, typing a lot and being a keyboard musician.I quickly ran downstairs to the trash and retrieved my old, reliable and fast crank-style sifter.  I'll try the new one again but suspect it will end up in a garage sale!!
I back quite a bit, and this knife has significantly reduced the time that it takes to frost a cake, it's that good.  Between this and my Wilton Trim-and-Turn Ultra cake turntable, I can get a cake frosted in minutes.  The weight is perfect, the width and length of the blade perfect, and I like the feel of the rubberized plastic of the handle much better than the wooden cake knife I had been using.  It has also survived multiple trips through the dish washer and still looks new.  Very pleased with this purchase.
Ok I bought this b/c I wanted a icing knife that was long enough to do the whole top of a 9 inch circle cake (what I typically bake). Unfortunately, while the knife is long like I wanted, it is too flimsy and flexible to do much else. I can't stir the frosting w/ it unless  I want to do a weak job, I can't frost the sides b/c of it's flimsiness, etc. So, OXO, please make a more sturdy long knife if you haven't already!
I love all the Oxo Good Grips kitchen utensils because they are so comfortable to use.  I use this little 9" whisk a lot for small jobs.  It is perfect for mixing up a little thickening for gravy, whisking a few eggs to use in recipes when baking, or for scrambling eggs.  A larger whisk won't fit in measuring cups or small bowls.Since I have arthritis in my hands, I find the Oxo good grips kitchen utensils to be the most comfortable on the market. One little bit of advice is to rinse the whisk immediately after using to make clean-up easier.  I made the mistake of letting food dry on it a couple of times, and it made cleaning it more difficult. I highly recommend this whisk for all cooks.
I have an awesome huge whisk, but sometimes you just don't want to bother with the weight of a heavy whisk when you're whisking something lighter.  I reach for my OXO Good Grips 11-inch whisk 90% of the time.  It does a great job, the handle is comfortable, it's not too heavy but can whisk just fine.  Unless you're whisking egg whites by hand, this is an AWESOME go-to whisk.  Also, OXO has really good customer service.  I had an issue with another product that was my fault, and they replaced it kindly.  I really appreciated that.  I have many of their kitchen products and have liked them all.
I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 if you care).  I have about 1/3 use of my hands and 1/2 use of my arms.  I can use most whisks with some effort, however, this Oxo one is almost effort-free for me.  I even whip  small amounts of cream (1/2 pint or less) because this whisk works so well  for me.My mother, who has mild arthritis, loves this whisk as well.This whisk is a nice size for whipping up a small amount of eggs (2-8),  cream, crepes, etc.  You'll need a full size whisk for more substantial  recipes.As with most Oxo tools it is very ergonomically designed: it  fits the hand and does the job it is supposed to do.
I've been downsizing and cooking for one of late and as I was thinning the drawers and crocks of kitchen gadgets it struck me - out of the many and some not so mighty, this is the *last* whisk left.So how is this whisk special? It handles a single egg or a box of cake mix. The handle is comfortable to hold and weighted just enough that it doesn't tire my hand or wrist - even with severe arthritis. It's large enough not to get totally lost in a bigger bowl but small enough to work efficiently in a tighter bowl too. The tines aren't flimsy - they keep their shape while you are whipping away. Easy cleanup in the dishwasher. Can't think of a single thing I'd change.Last whisk standing.Highly recommended.
When they say 9 inches they mean 9 inches from bottom of handle to tip.  I have never owned any good whisks and have always used those ones you get in the &#34;bargain&#34; section at most department stores or mass merchandisers.  I am not sure if the OXO brand is the best whisk you can get, but judging by the one I got, I would say it is definitely a brand well worth considering.  The wires are not extremely rigid like the cheapies, but they don't feel like they are going to bend either.  They have just the right amount of give to make whisking together ingredients a snap.  Very pleased with my purchase.
I actually ordered this whisk because the first one I bought is always in the dishwasher.  This is the whisk I grab for everything, gravy, batter, marinades, eggs, etc.  I have a larger whisk that also works well but just doesn't fit the hand as well.  With the shape of the handle and rubber texture this whisk has the perfect feel for every meal use.  I will probably end up buying a third as these two I now own will always be in the dishwasher.
When I ordered this whisk I was slightly unsure about its usefulness, but I did know my smallest existing whisk was too large to get into the corners of small sauce pans (with straight sides) and too clumsy for whisking a couple of eggs in a small bowl.Oxo has nailed it again.  This whisk reaches into the corners of small pans, is just right for mixing a few eggs or incorporating ingredients into a pan sauce.  The handle is comfortable.  I'm a hero at home for making this purchase.  Thanks Oxo.
When shopping for a whisk last year I was tempted to get a somewhat cheaper one, until my husband pointed out that this one was particularly well-made, and the ferrule joined seamlessly with the wires -- which meant no food residue trapped inside, easier cleaning and no rusting.  Trust me, not all whisks have wires sealed in at the base!Well, he was right.  The contoured, easy-grip handle is a bonus.  This whisk is so stury, I doubt I will ever have to buy another.  It's also a good medium size, versatile for eggs and everything else I've ever needed a whisk for.  Perfect!
I've used used this several times (mostly scrambled eggs) and love it. I like the fact I don't have to worry about it rusting if it stays in the water a few days . Ok, so I'm a guy, old, divorced and not into cooking but I found if I spray it with 'Pam' is is very easy to clean but y'all probably already knew that.I have learned, 'Don't skimp on quality' of kitchen utensils, you'll pay more in the end. Not gonna tell you about my cheap 'melted' spatula!Good product. Hope my comments were a help.
This is a very nicely built whisk, especially considering the price. The wires are bonded well to the handle, which is easy to grip and feels sturdy. The whisk performs well and is easy to clean. Nicely sized -- not too big, not too small. While you can spend a lot more for a more elegant or fancy looking tool, this gets the job done just as well, and appears built to last.I have a few other OXO kitchen tools and they have never let me down. This is no exception -- a great value, and highly recommended.
A whisk is not a complicated device so there is not much I can say about the performance of the whisk. There is a lot I can say about the comfort of this whisk.It has a great grip and is very easy to hold in either your left or right hand. I mention that last part because I am left-handed and my wife is right-handed (a wee touch of humor). The whisk portion is stainless steel and the handle is the classic Oxo good grip anti-slip material.The wire whisk portion has good flexibility and should do a fine job. We have yet to be disappointed with an Oxo product and don't expect that to change.
The whisk works very well and is easy to clean. It also seems pretty well made, and I expect it to last me a long time. It is everything I expected it would be. However, I do not think this whisk provides a great value. OXO is a pretty good brand, but I don't think it's worth the premium pricing unless you have arthritis, whisk for hours at a time, or have some other need to have very large handles. I bought this out of convenience because I didn't even know how much a non premium whisk would cost at Target. If you are willing to get a different brand with a plain handle, they are about seventy percent less than on Amazon. The large handle also takes up more space in my kitchen drawer.
I've been using whisks I can get for $1, but the Oxo Good Grips 11-inch Balloon Whisk was a very good investment.  Again, I am not disappointed by the brand and now that I have it, I wish I would have bought it a lot sooner.This whisk has enough wires that it mixes quickly and thoroughly.  It feels very well-balanced in my hand.  The grip is very comfortable to hold.  It also feels very substantial.  The cheap whisks I have used before have felt like they are bending in pancake batter.  This whisk makes things a lot easier, mostly, I'm sure, because it is a quality product.If you are looking for a whisk (and you're reading this), stop looking and get this one.  You won't be disappointed!
I now own 4 whisks, and yes, I need/use all 4!  This is my new favorite though.  The contoured handle was a pleasant surprise.  It actually feels nice when you're using it.I purchased this whisk based on America's Test Kitchen recommendation.  They have never let me down in all my previous kitchen purchases, so I did very little research on the product before purchasing.  Once again, they did not let me down.The balloon of the wires helps prevent a build up of food in between the wires, makes it easier to clean, evenly whisks & distributes the liquid/dry ingredients, and makes it easier to get in the corners of the pan or bowl.Not all whisks are made equal, and if you were to only own 1, I would recommend this.  I'm very pleased with my purchase!
I have two whisks, this one, and a silicone covered whisk.  This whisk is great to mix things quickly by hand. The metal wires instead of the silicone just works better.  I use the silicone whisk for like making white cheese sauce or pudding (because of the scrapping the bottom of the pan in high heat).  But the metal is a powerhouse of whisk energy.  Eggs are fluffier than silicone, working with quiches or even whip cream because the wire as stronger withstand force and are thinner.Purchased another one for a housewarming gift for a friend.  When I realized they cook and didn't have a whisk, boy they are missing out.
The good:  The rubber handle is more comfortable to grip and ergonomic, and the metal tines are sturdy and clean up easily.  It's also light.  I have some other Kuhn Rikon whisks that are fancy and much more expensive.  They're nice, but I keep reaching for the OXO.The bad:  It doesn't stay upright in the pan when you put it down.  It keeps sliding into the pan, so you need to set it aside on a plate or trivet when cooking.Overall, my favorite whisk.
If you only knew what I was using before this....I used a 99 cent whisk and for a while it worked but the structure was coming undone and changing into a funky color brown and didn't want my food to chips of metal in it so I splurged on one of the best OXO. I am loving every minute of it it is super sturdy and extremely well made and not to be big. You can actually use in a small sauce pan or larger and cleans very well and so far the metal is NOT changing color so that's good..
When they say 11 inches they mean 11 inches from bottom of handle to tip.  I have never owned any good whisks and have always used those ones you get in the &#34;bargain&#34; section at most department stores or mass merchandisers.  I am not sure if the OXO brand is the best whisk you can get, but judging by the one I got, I would say it is definitely a brand well worth considering.  The wires are not extremely rigid like the cheapies, but they don't feel like they are going to bend either.  They have just the right amount of give to make whisking together ingredients a snap.  Very pleased with my purchase.
Nice large size. Very comfy handle. Dishwasher safe. My old whisk had 5 wire loops that would jam into each other and bend funny (piece of junk). The Good Grips 11" balloon whisk has 10 wire loops that don't come into contact with each other, allowing for more thorough whisking. The plug in the handle where the wire loops go though is heavily sealed, keeping it very sanitary. It's really durable. It can whip up a half a dozen eggs in a big mixing bowl super quick (that's the most I've tried -- I'm sure it can do more). Also great for large gravy making at Thanksgiving. Other than discoloration of the wire loops (after much use and dishwasher cleanings) it still looks and feels new.
I own several wisks (and spatulas and small pans) due to usually having pancakes or french toast for breakfast and sauces or desert filling for dinner. This is the #1 selling wisk at Amazon likely because it is a good size (handling a single egg to cooking for a small army), with more wires than most but which are well spread out (so food is less likely to get stuck in it), well weighted, very well made with the wires sealed into the handle with a clear resin (not being built this is way is why the last one needed to be thrown out), by a well-know manufacturer, with an easy grip handle (so you won't drop it even if you have wet hands), for a good price. And, I wouldn't buy anything that wasn't dishwasher safe. This is now my first go to wisk. Highly recommended.
Maybe I don't cook the right things to find this whisk as rave-inducing amazing as so many other OXO products, but it works fine and is constructed well.  That said, I have not put it to many tests and it's really only meant for whisking very lightweight ingredients (eggs, liquids, etc).  The feature I like best is that it stores relatively flat and doesn't take up extra space in my small kitchen, but I guess that can be said for most flat whisks.  The parts that set it apart from cheaper whisks are probably the handle and the construction.  The handle is comfortable and has a nice rubbery grip.  As far as construction, it's sealed well where the black rubber meets the metal and the parts are all solidly welded together.  It far surpasses the dollar store whisk I used to have, I guess I just need to find more recipes that require me to use it...
Has a grippy handle like many OXO products, but small enough to allow various handholds. One can wisk and lift simultaneously allowing excellent aeration. The flat shape permits scraping a roux or omelette off the bottom of a cooking surface which evens the cooking of a thickening liquid.  Although it's metal it does not scratch a pan when held flat, even nonstick, as there are no sharp surfaces on the wire. Because of the slight bend in the shape it is usable as a spatula. Usable for straining tempura, hushpuppies, dumplings, etc. The flat design means all surfaces of the wire can be easily reached for cleaning and it stores more compactly.
Item was described as compatible with non-stick coated pans, but it was stainless and not coated, so not the best item for use with most non-stick coatings. Many buyers mentioned this in reviews, which I didn't see until looking at the item again to make sure I'd read the description correctly when buying. The description no longer said anything about use with non-stick pans, but a BUNCH of reviews said they had the same problem I had: the description made it seem as though the whisk was fine for use with coated pans.Otherwise, though, OXO has another fine product in this whisk. It would be great for use with cast iron or any metal pan without non-stick coating, but I wouldn't want to use it even on new pans that state metal utensils are okay. It just wears the coating faster.
I'm a pretty good cook.  I have a lot of kitchen gadgets and tools, but I never used a flat whisk before -- just made things work with a traditional balloon whisk.I love this flat whisk when I'm making a sauce/gravy/reduction in a large pan.  It works better than any balloon whisk for blending and breaking down thickeners or solids.  The handle fits well in my average-sized hand and the Good Grips feature is always a plus.  OXO -- I haven't gone wrong with your brand yet.
I have never owned a &#34;Flat&#34; Whisk before.  Holy (Beep).  How did I ever live without one?  These whisks are so wonderful for gravy and so many other things.  The OXO Good Grips brand seems to be of high quality.  It has a great feel in your hand and doesn't feel too heavy or too light and the wires seem to have just the right amount of flexibility without feeling too weak or too rigid.  I love this whisk and use it all of the time.  A must have for serious cooks.
I use the Oxo Good Grips Nylon Balloon Whisk to Whisk away dirty, corrupt politicians when I visit any public building.  So far, it has proved to be quite ineffective, but I don't think it has to do with its design.  It's quite simple to be sure, but just isn't the right type of design necessary for the job.  The wire version would be more suitable I think.Beat heads, stir flatter, whip scream and stir losses in comfort though, that you can be sure to do.
Perhaps my expectations were set too high given my typical like of OXO products, but I found this balloon whisk to be inappropriately large for daily use of mixing items.  This, and the fact that the silicon &#34;wires&#34; are far too flexible to put any muscle into anything you may be mixing with this whisk.  Anything short of mixing thin liquids leaves this whisk sitting in the sink while I retrieve a traditional wire whisk.  As an example, even beating some eggs in a bowl to make scrambled eggs - this whisk doesn't have enough stiffness to mix up eggs well.Sorry OXO, but that drops you to a &#34;it's okay&#34; rating of 3 stars.
