I bought the purple one to add to my Strong Man Set of 6 to make it a Super Strong Man Set of 7. This is one tough band. Great for high intensity bicep curls and door anchor exercises, such as back rows and standing chest press. But too difficult for tricep kick backs. It came with a door anchor and an instruction pamphlet. There's no BMP logo on either handle just like their orange band. Overall I'm glad Black Mountain is going the direction of making their systems better and stronger. Keep up the good work.
I absolutely love these resistance bands! You have every amount of resistance you could need, and bands can be easily added together to get your perfect resistance. The handles are comfortable, and the door anchor does stay in the door. I was a little scared to try the door anchor because I was afraid it was going to come flying out and hit me in the face, but I tested it using a long broom lol. I do love using resistance bands instead of weights because you get lean muscle instead of bulky muscle like from free weights. This is a great set, and I highly recommend them.
This was a great surprise for the money.  I looked at resistance band workouts on YouTube and decided to try it out. At this price why not?  I really feel like I had a good workout after my first try.  The door anchor worked great.  I'm 71 and keeping big equipment around the house is just not possible.  This I just keep in my night stand and any time I've got some extra minutes I do a little workout.  Pleasantly surprised and pleased.  I highly recommend.
This is a pretty decent set of resistance bands. The only thing I would change about it, is that the band themselves are a little bit long. When you put the attachments on them, they are too long to do some of the exercises I would like to do. I have tried to tie the bands in knots to remedy this, but they are very hard to untie, so I try to avoid doing that. Also, if you call the company after you get your package, they will send you a free orange band, which is even stronger than the strongest band in this pack. That was a nice little bonus!
Good for those small exercises that one can't do with freeweights. I use it for slight rehab on a knee. It's perfect for that. With the door stoppers you can get angles that really help (if you have old joints). Of course it's all very light, so I can't see doing anything heavy (for those looking for something to supplement freeweights, such as wrapping around barbells when doing squats and so forth) with these, but they're good so far and seem to be made to last.
Bought this for my wife as a tool to use to do mild exercises while she is going through chemotherapy.  She is 5&#8217;6&#8221; and has a hard time, no; she can&#8217;t use the cables for most of the exercises because the cables are too long. She has to double over the cables so the length is not too long.  This would be fine if there was a second door and ankle attachment, but there is not! She does use one cable at a time and does find the construction very good.  The variety of band resistances are nice as well as the exercise instruction book.
I have had these for about a week now... and i am afraid to use it at full potential...why?well from the first minute i took it out of the bag, i could tell it is made of cheap material...it just did not feel sturdy or durable enough to handle any demanding exercise or tension... the rubber bands look like they can snap if you push them... and if that happens it could be very dangerous as it might hit you and cause you injury...i will continue to use and update this review....but regardless of whether anything happens or not...this is not a product i would buy again as it doesn't feel firm or sturdy enough for the kind of tension workouts it is intended for...
I bought these resistance bands to use along with P90x, and so far they are holding up well. It's been about 2 weeks since I've started using them and none of the bands have broken yet (as some reviewers have mentioned). I don't yet know how they will hold up in the long run, but I'm not too concerned about them since Black Mountain Products has a great warranty on them.They come with 1 set of grips that attach to each of the bands via a metal clasp. If there isn't a weight that you like in each of the bands, you can combine multiple bands and customize the weight yourself.I really like these, and assuming they hold up - I give it 4 stars.
I am about half way through the P90X workout and have been using these straps.  So far they have held up well.  Clipping straps onto and off of the handles is quick and easy, so I can move from less to more (or more to less) resistance without hassle.  There is a short guide which tells you the relative resistance of each color band, so you can add up or subtract down to the resistance you want.  While I am sure there are better bands out there, I am also sure you would pay more for them.  This is a good product at a reasonable price.
These bands are some of the most well constructed I have seen.  They also have clips on the ends which allows them to be used in tandem, so the red, black, green, blue, and yellow can all be used together for extra resistance, which is a major plus for athletes who need more resistance.  The door anchor included is a very simple design, but it works well.  All of the bands also have a lifetime warranty, just call them and they will ship you a new one (you have to pay shipping though).  The handles are well constructed, and the wrap around handle is pretty standard universal gym type stuff.  Will buy from this company again.
This is a nice assortment of workout bands--the first I've purchased or used.  They connect to the handles quite easily and I love the bag that stores everything nicely.  The single most important item in the kit is the paper that tells you what strength the bands are!  It would have been nice if they included a laminated card with this information, but it's really no big deal.  I am at a lower strength band am anticipating working my way up to the stronger ones eventually.  NOTE:  I have not used the ankle strap or the door anchor, just the handles.
I primarily use these attached to the door, I am emulating pull ups, trying to gain strength. I use them all at once, figure if I do 10 or so a day it will help to gain strength in those muscles. I have a different set I use for workouts. Only because of the handles, they are great when you want to use several different bands together to increase the resistance, but for a workout you want to be able to grab something quick, not have to to stop and put the handle on the right band. Great product and it does come with the door attachment.
I currently use these bands for my P90x!Pros:You can use multiple bands as they clip onto the grip.Included ankle strapIncluded door strap (for pull ups/etc) **this saved me from having to put a hook into the stud of my wallComes with a nice carry bagCons:They dont tell you that you could also get a FREE ORANGE BAND!!! with FREE SHIPPING! lol...I called them up because there was a little paper inside and he said just leave your feedback, anonymous or not &#34;we dont check it&#34; and call us back, we would be glad to send you an orange band free of shipping. We do this for about 10% of our kits.Why complain? Right?...Keep up the good work!-Mike ReedDallas,TX
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set based on the positive reviews I've read here on the product and the customer service. Fortunately I have not had to use the customer service. But the product is as advertised. I wanted to hold off on writing the review until I got to use the bands for a little while. I have been using it for my P90X workouts along with dumbbells and it has performed flawlessly. The quality of the bands are excellent and when you think about the cost it is a real bargain. Rarely does a product exceed my expectations but this one has. I highly recommend these bands.
These bands are great.  The only room for improvement would be better carabiners/clips.  The carabiner like things have sticky springs and have sharp edges which could potentially cut through the bands.  It is nice to be able to attach the bands to other things and I have used a bit of rope to tie them off to poles and trees.  Use a bowline around the tree and a linemans loop to secure an additional carabiner to.  This set comes with an exercise guide.  These bands are good when paired with the BMP exercise ball because you can focus on muscle groups.  Isolate the hips for those ab exercises!  Have fun, mix it up!
This is really an excellent accessory to improved dumbbell training at Home, or you can even bring then to the gym.The power hooks provides the user with a method to perform and accomplish heavier dumbbell training procedures safer and easier, resulting in maximum training benefits from your pair of dumbbells, reducing the risk of injury when handling heavy weights.Each power hook comes with a leather strap that attaches the power hook to the dumbbell bar. This way for example you can position your loaded dumbbells in the overhead barbell, lay in the bench, and grab the dumbbells that are already positioned in a convenient way to perform presses or flies without the risk of injuring yourself when to try to take the heavy dumbbells from the flour to the starting position for a dumbbell bench press or fly.I bought mines about six months ago, and I love them. They allow me to handle heavy weights safely when there no one near to help you with the weights. This is even more convenient if you train alone at home.
This was a hit at a 4yr old birthday party.  The perfect size for a few kids and adults and super sturdy; we had some future s/he-mans yanking on the handles with all their might.  Play some music and do freeze dance, have the kids try to all run under before it goes down, are they fast enough?  Other fun games - through some ball on top and don't let them bounce off.  There are probably many more ideas out there if you search the world wide web of fun.  Now I am waiting for another turn where we have enough people over to use it.
I bought this toy for my almost 2 and 3 year old boys, as well as for a gift for a girls' 3rd b-day. I admit that it's not as easy or as fun to use unless you have at least 3 people holding the chute. It will be a big hit at any party, playgroup, or get together. All ages are drawn to playing with a parachute and all have a blast. It also fosters group creativity and dynamic play; turn taking, cooperation, and collective participation. I love the bright colors that just add to the fun and festivity of play. Get outside and have a blast!
This parachute is a lot of fun!  Kids come up with all kinds of uses for it, but our favorite game is to put the baby underneath the parachute in the middle and just pull it up and down.  He gets a kick out of it and the older kids love to see his reaction.This one is bigger than I thought it would be, which is a good thing, but unfortunately we actually don't have enough people to play with it when my husband is not home.  If each person holds onto 2 handles it can fit about 5-6 people around.  But if you have only 3 people to play with, while it still works, it's more fun with more people.  But I guess that's the way all games/toys should be!Definitely recommend this for outdoor (or indoor with a lot of room) activities with lots of kids!
My friend has this for her son, and her new puppy fell in love with it, so I thought I might try it for my new girl. So, I bought this for my 10 week old puppy - she just loves it. It took her a minute to get used to it, but now she'll go out of her way to run through it. So far its held up quite nicely to puppy chewing, running etc. What I really love is that is sooo easy to fold up. I can put it away in a minute and when she's ready to play I can just pop it open. So much fun - plus its big enough that she'll be able to play with it long into her growing stages. Very fun toy! Not sure if kids of the human variety enjoy it as much as the furry ones, but I recommend it if you have a playful puppy!
The main benefit of this putting mat is the ball return, which works well and is very convenient (definitely helps keep visiting kids entertained!).  The downside is the green fabric putting mat itself, it is difficult to smooth out which means each time we roll it up to store it, the next time we bring it out we have to smooth it out all over again which is an annoyance.  Also, the overall cheap look to the background and the stickers over the hazards.  Everything but the ball return is cheap, so the $40 price tag is a little steep, I think I'd view it more favorably at $30.
This set is good for the office - and if you have carpet, it would help if you attach some velcro at the ends to make the mat straight. Otherwise the mat is my biggest complaint - it does not straighten out enough. The return mechanism is pretty good, the unit itself feels fairly cheap. My 7 and 10 year olds enjoy it, even set some obstacles to make the course more interesting.As far as using it in the office, I had a few bosses who like to &#34;practice&#34; at the office, and this would be a winner for a birthday gift.
My daughter is qualified to play in the Junior Golf World Championship and she uses putting greens like this to practice at home.  I have 5 different models of these electric return putting greens and in my observation, it seems like they are all very similar in quality and construction.  The speed on all of them are a little slow, and the plastic is a little cheap and thin. But they do work as far as getting  some practice on the tempo and direction of your putt.  For the price it is being sold, it is a good deal.  Please do not try to compare this to the quality of putting greens 5 times its price.  If you want to get one that is an excellent and accurate analog of a real green, expect to pay that much more.I have the professional type of putting which I had ordered and it cost me $230 for almost the same dimension as this, and it did not come with an electric ball return.
This is a putting mat with a ball return which is very similar to any putting mat I've ever used. It has a length of "green" which is basically a fuzzy piece of fabric, a slope at the end, 3 features including a ball return. I've seen many of these putting mats and the inexpensive ones are all pretty much the same price and similar features. I suspect this one costs more because of the ball return feature. Others which don't have a return and is simply a piece of green fabric with holes would cost less. At the other end of the spectrum you can buy ones costing thousands of dollars. But I digress. For this price, this is not a bad putting mat. It's got a nice 9ft green, 3 features and the return.
I have to laugh at this one. The cheesy picture behind the hole, the fake &#34;traps&#34;, the generally terrible build quality...it's so lame it is in fact kind of funny. But for 40 bucks the joke's on you if you buy it.At least it does return the ball. For that it gets an extra star.I'd give this four stars at 15, and five at 10. But all of these astroturf-y putting matts are basically the same, so look on craigslist and find one for five bucks, there's always lots around. Or buy one here for far less than this. Or just use a glass on its side on the rug. But OMG, then you have to take a couple steps and get the ball yourself!One tip: put tiny little tea bags etc under the matt at various places for a more realistic roll, makes it more fun too.
The issue I have with the CLUB CHAMP PUTT N' HAZZARD (sic) putting green is that every aspect of it feels cheaply made and likely to fall apart quickly. The back &#34;3D&#34; wrap-around uses Velcro and doesn't fit properly. It leaves gaps between the base and the wrap no matter how much I fiddled with it. The putting surface isn't bad at all, but needs a little ironing to lay flat. The ball return works well enough. The plastic cup, &#34;sand trap&#34; and &#34;water hazard&#34; are made of very thin plastic. Not durable at all. If you use this at your office, it will probably hold up. But if you have little kids like me, they'll destroy this thing pronto.Overall this putting green feels cheaply made. I'd look elsewhere.
One of the two best multi-tools on the market today. (the other being the Leatherman SuperTool 200)PROS:1) Strong pliers with comfortable grip2) All blades can open while pliers are closed and all blades lock3) Useful Chisel blade4) Anti-rust finish5) Heavy Duty steelCONS:1) The file on the "X" model seems to be made of aluminum. After some use the "steel" plating chipped off. The Leatherman file is much tougher and can be used on wood or metal.2) You might break your nails trying to open the blades.*UPDATE*>> I sold sold the "X" model and purchased the "RS" model thereby trading the cheap file for a curved serrated blade. I like this tool much better now.
I have owned a few swisstools and this was a bit of a disappointment. Half of the tools do not lock solidly in place with &#34;up and down&#34; play. The Sheath I received was defective. The button will not even close. I have written Victorinox to see if they will replace it. I assume they will.Just as reference they have changed the swisstool slightly this year. There is no red label on the tool anymore as shown in the picture. The full serrated blade is also a Sheepsfoot shape now and not as shown in the picture.This tool is still better in quality than most leathermans in my opinion. Leatherman is hit or miss on the Quality Control in my experience. This is the first Swisstool I have ever owned that I was even slightly disappointing with. Don't let the 3 stars fool you.
In my humble opinion, the best supertool around, and I own probably two dozen of them that I've collected over the years. The tool exhibits a fit and finish better than anything else out there, and one great feature is that the tools fold out from the outside of the handle. It featured a positive locking mechanism when most of the other tools still had yet to offer it, including the famous Leatherman. Even with all the innovative multitools of recent years with each new one trying to outdo the other, this took remains head and shoulders above the rest. Next to this, as with a previous reviewer, I would rate the Leatherman Supertool as best.
I have carried one of these on my belt for over 25 years and recently left mine on the tailgate of my pickup and drove off without thinking. I lasted three days bare of my Victorinox and couldn't go any longer. The price is a little spendy but trust me you won't even give it a second thought after you use this tool for a month. It is extremely well made, engineered to near perfection and handier than the zipper on you pants. I don't go 24 hours that I don't use this tool at least a half dozen times. It has it all and then some. The steel in the blades is exquisite. The knife blades hold their edges well and the file and saw actually work andstay sharp. I am forever using the leather punch to start a screw in hard wood or punching one of my cigars for a smooth draw. Spend the extra bucks and get the real deal tool of your lifetime.
I own several brands of multitools but Victorinox continues to top my list for its funtionality, smooth deployment, craftsmanship, and durability. Although Leatherman is a far second, I put my trust more in the Victorinox. I have one that Ive owned since 1983 and to this day, its main blade is sharp enough to slice paper floating down in air. Premium grade carbon stainless steel used in making Japanese swords! The wood saw in it also cuts through lead pipes. Put it this way, if I were lost in the thick jungles of South America, I would choose to have the SwissTool (rather than any Leatherman and Gerber) stuck to my belt. Maybe that's why MacGuyver favors Victorinox.
I was given this tool some 11 years ago by my wife on the day she announced i was to be a Father, she gave it to me in a box with my daughters name on it to me... Im a Director Of Engineering at a property, been in this industry for over 25 years. I own more tools than my garage can hold, but i will say this once you feel this tool in your hand and feel the weight and quality and design, youll agree that its WELL made and very well crafted. I have tried Gerbers, and Lethermen but they never hold up for me. This tool is NEVER away from me, I use it and this is no joke, but I use this tool at least 5 times a day. I plan to retire this one real soon due to the '' value '' of it to me personally and Im getting the exact same one again. If I can get over 11 years use out of any tool its a hell of a deal...
I love this tool. Yes it is heavy. Yes you can wear it on your belt and no one will notice. Really. And yes, you get a great amount of tools. I already always carry a Swiss Army Knife on me, so I went with this model to get the serrated blade, and not the scissors.It is perfectly aligned, buttery smooth, nicer than my Leatherman Rebar, and yes, bigger and heavier. The tools come out on the outside, and lock with a satisfying &#34;snick.&#34; The release is easier to use than the Leatherman Rebar. Which itself is a nice tool, I carry that in my daily work messenger bag.The pliers are strong and super easy. One nice touch -- the ruler, inches/centimeters, is far easier to read than the Leatherman. The result I think of the brightly polished steel.
First trip, I filled 2/3 of this cooler with ice then lay it on its side on a roof rack.  A day later, I got it off the top of the car and although some ice had melted, I was amazed that nothing leaked from the lid.  Filled the cooler up with water at that point and 2 days later, still had a little bit of ice.Second trip, filled about 1/3 with ice and water to about 3/4 full.  Next day, most of the ice was gone even though outside temps were about the same as trip #1.So now I know not to skimp on ice (I already don't like drinking water so if I have to it better be ice cold) but I'm impressed the lid holds so securely.  The spout is easy to operate with one hand and our 5-year old has no problems with it.  Handles feel sturdy and are comfortable enough to carry a full jug with just one.
I was thinking of buying a pool float to use as my camping mat and I found a great deal.  $10 for an air mattress SOLD!  Luckily for me I have an air pump with me when i go canoe camping because my canoe is inflatable.  If I didn't i would Not get this, as it is VERY hard to inflate.  Because I have a foot pump it takes me 5-10 minutes to pump this up and for $10 it works for me.If you have a pump then this will do for your camping or pool needs.  If you don't then I would not get it as it is VERY hard to inflate.Others said its also hard to deflate, i found if you cut/puncture the inner seal and just let it deflate on its own its fine.
I camp out a lot and needed something lightweight and portable and not nearly as thick and heavy as an air mattress, but more comfortable on an aging back than a self-inflater or a foam pad.It's not terribly easy to inflate or deflate based on the way the cells link together, but comfort is outstanding and width is greater than with a pint sized mat (29 vs. 20 inches, and that nine inches makes a great difference). I wish it was sold AS an outdoor mattress and had a quick release valve, but it's a small price to pay for light weight, portability and comfort. If it were sold as an outdoor mat, I suspect color variations and a quick release would make their way onto the product. After all, neon pink raises some eyebrows as it rides with my bed kit on the back of my kayak, but for the comfort, it can't be beaten. Maybe the next one will end up being blue when it comes in...
This float was purchased to be a 'floating cover' as required by central Texas laws in regards to having 25% of your pool covered.  This float does not stay in the pool on even mildly windy days so I do not recommend it for that purpose.  Additionally I got the orange one which faded within the first week and now after a few more weeks looks absolutely pitiful.I have to put air into it every couple of weeks too.The kids do enjoy this one a lot because it allows their body's to dip into the water while relaxing on it.
I had this set as a kid and loved it.  Once I had children old enough, I wanted to purchase a set for them to play with.  I am so glad I did.  It has been a blast teaching them how to curve the ball and how to throw in general.  We can play for hours.  They are great for park outings with your family or with any group you may belong to.  We take them to our scout picnics and this is always a hit.  We have 3 sets so there are plenty to go around.  It does take a little bit of practice to get used to it, but once you have it you are in for a great time.  Just be patient and take the time to try it out before you get frustrated.  If you have a family get this.  It is so nice to have stuff like this to do rather than be stuck inside with the electronics that do not allow for interaction.HAVE FUN!!!
I bought this item for my 5 year old nephew as a Christmas present. The setup of the net was relatively easy, I would recommend using a partner just for the sheer size of the rebounder. The only semi-difficult part was stretching the rebounder net to attach it to the frame. This took some strength which was not a problem for me, but I could see some smaller people having issues with it(I am not bragging or a chauvinist, just saying I am a big man and have more strength than most).  My nephew loves this item and it appears that it will last a long time. I am very please with this item and would definitely recommend it to everyone.
I cannot recommend this grill/griddle enough, since it is so versatile and easy to use and clean.  It makes a whole breakfast from bacon and eggs and pancakes. Flip it over and it is an excellent grill for meats and fish.  And it works well on gas and charcoal cook surfaces as well as electric.  I has a gas stove and am always in awe whenever I use it since it makes cooking so much fun.  And the price is excellent.  I have scads of cast iron from this grill/griddle, to fry pans of all sizes, and cornbread pans and other items.  Stuff never wears out and gets handed down generation to generation.
For pancakes, this iron griddle heats slowly and evenly, and it holds the heat better than a teflon griddle but...you...must...season this and instruct well-meaning helpers NOT, repeat, NOT to use any soap of any kind, sponge, steel wool pad, on the griddle. Ever. If you are worried about cleaning it, you can scrub the surface with a hot, clean water, handful of cooking salt and a clean paper towel. After seasoning, pancakes cook evenly and this is wide enough to go over two burners and really get some production going at breakfast. Just remember about the seasoning and the No-Soap.
I have been a photographer for over 45 years and am very familiar with the quality of Nikon's optics. However, I own both the Nikon 10x25 and the Bushnell 12x25 binoculars and in terms of clarity I find no discernible difference between the two, except the Bushnell has a bit more power. The Bushnell's are also much smaller than the Nikon so they take up less space when you are packing for a trip. Considering they cost $30 less than Nikon's, and are stronger, the choice is clear...buy the Bushnell every time. A great pair of small binoculars.
This must be more ideal for a handgun.  The locking bar did not fit behind the trigger on my AR-15, Remington 12 gauge, nor my Reuger .22.  The instructions state that the bar does not have to go behind the trigger, however, when I tried that, I could still manage to pull the whole thing and activate the trigger on the AR and shotgun.  The .22 was the only gun I had that this would absolutely stop the trigger from being moved.  I should have returned it, but I was lazy.
I've had one of these in use for nearly a dozen years and it is a solidly constructed, reliable locking device for use on the trigger guard of even a very large frame revolver. I always recommend putting firearms in a safe or locked gun cabinet (secured to a wall, floor, or both), but these kind of trigger locks added to unloaded firearms are an excellent backup, and keep unauthorized fingers away from triggers.Rim-fire guns, and a lot of vintage center-fire guns are best never dry-fired. Using a trigger lock can help prevent accidental damage by people who just don't know better. Of all of the different types of trigger and action locks I've employed, this one is the most ruggedly constructed and durable model I've owned.
Wow, for the price I was expecting total crap.I was really surprised by how heavy duty this thing is, and how well made the keys are. When this thing is on you're gonna have a pretty tough time getting it off if you don't have a key.One thing I'll note though (and this is not related to this product) but a design flaw with these is that if you attach one you're not 100% in the clear as it literally takes 1 minute to unscrew the trigger guard from most guns re-exposing the trigger. This is definitely the case for my Remington 700 as anyone who actually wants to shoot the gun but doesn't have the key can just unscrew the hinged floor plate assembly and reattach a new one without this thing on it. That's why I also got one of those long locks that goes through the action.
this lock is useless on my glock and shotgun and only barely fits very awkwardly on my sig sauer.  it does fit on my ruger revolver but barely too.  it is bulky and you're better off getting a small lock box instead of this.  it may sound good until you try in on and it doesn't fit or barely fit, not to mention it may scratch up the gun.  this claims to fit many or most guns but it doesnt fit the popular ones out there like the ones i have.  what's worse is that the 3rd digit on the combo gets stuck and is difficult to move.  that would totally render this lock totally useless.  it doens't fit and if it does fit it would take you forever just to roll the digits over to your code to unlock it!  overrated lock.
I liked this better than a keyed lock because you can literally grab it and run! No need to try and look for a tiny key. In an emergency you want to be able to get to it fast and this way anyone can unlock it- only if they have the combination.I bought a 6pack and my buddy and I split them. Now we both have our guns locked and safe.I let me brother use my gun a little while ago- he called and asked what the code was and I told him... THAT EASY! good thing there was a code and not a key because I had forgot to tell him initially. Would have sucked to go out to the range and not have a key!No lost key or anything- this is a great purchase and I would recommend it over a cable or keyed trigger lock any day!
Strong, reliable lock.  Shank is long enough to make it useful in securing trigger of rifle with trigger guard molded into synthetic stock, involving complex curves in three dimensions, of all weather Benjamin Trail.  No keys to add to already overworked keyring.Would have preferred a four digit combination and high contrast numerals.  Seems to me likely to be stronger and more secure than a Frantzen combination trigger lock with a different locking mechanism I have on another gun, but I find the Frantzen easier to read and work with.
For people who haven't seen one of these: it's pretty darn awesome. The picture makes it look plastic, but this is solid metal. Sturdy. Heavy. I put this on my Mossberg and even though it won't fit behind the trigger, it still locks on there tight. Adjusting it to my own combo was difficult because the last dial was difficult to turn when I was putting in the new combo. With a little persistence, I was able to get the right number.NOTES ON GUN SAFETY: Better to pay $10 now for this product than thousands in court fees (or worse) down the road.
I had one for my XD and now have a few more items I wish to keep SAFE from others using.  Not only a great price they are awesome to use and easy to change the codes for locking/unlocking.  I had lost the directions form my years ago one and nor have the easy instructions to change the codes.  Insert a pin into the opening and change the codes, how easier can it be, I could of had a V8 moment when I saw this....Silly me for forgetting...
my only issue is that you can't put this lock on and put it in a gun case smaller than 3 inches high.  There is a 1 inch nub in the back of the lock.  I use this in place of the cable lock which I hate using because you have to keep the action open and the slide springs are compressed.  If someone sits for a couple days straight, they can probably figure out your combo with only 3 numbers, but it's better than nothing and you don't have to worry about losing a key.
fits almost all my firearms in one way or another (from one side or the other). easy to set combos great quality good solid feel and fit. much safer then keys that can be lost. i keep some of my firearms at my mothers house and now she can feel safe and still have access to them when needed. i have them on almost all my firearms. not cheap but nothing thats worth buying is. buy more then one and the shipping is worth it as the shipping is a flat rate for anything from one item to 100.
Solidly made and easy to use.  The process for picking a combo is straight forward and it will fit on everything from my .22 pistol to my 12 GA shotgun.  The tumblers are smooth and feel solid in the housing for the price you can't beat this little lock to keep any unwanted hands off your trigger.  I take mine out when we go to the range to keep kids and moron's from shotting each other while I'm shooting or working with another shooter and don't have eyes on my weapons.  Plus with the combo you don't have to worry about forgetting/not finding keys when you need them.
This lock gets harder and harder to find in stores.  I remember picking up one from Cabela's last year, and ended up loving it so much I went back to buy a few more; they were gone.  I made a few trips back and forth a a few other stores in the area over the next few months and all I could find was the keyed version of this lock.  Went to Amazon, and there it was for the same price and ordered a few more.  I highly recommend these, but also hope you use your own personal judgment as far as gun safety and security.  I am not really good at keeping up with extra keys, so I opted for these as it would allow me to unlock them in the event that I ever lost the keys.  For home security, I have a weapon that is more readily accessible to me, and I use these locks on guns that I store away.
I bought several of these because I'd moved onto base housing. That required me to either have a trigger lock or a locked case to transport a weapon on and off base. These were cheap, they are easy to set the combo and they are solid. A trigger lock is just that, its not offer the speed of the quick release lock boxes or the safety of an actual safe. But they do add a degree of safety by locking the movement of the trigger on most weapons. Keep in mind there are weapons this will not work well on like lever action rifles, ARs with folding trigger guards and the like. As mentioned I went with these because Master Lock makes good locks and because I could set the combo to what I wanted. That means all the combos can be set to something easy to remember and changed later if I wish. The price is very good and there is nothing I can really complain about. A good product that works well if it fits your need.
This is a simple secure lock with no keys to lose.  The combination is easy to set so you can set them all the same.Fits the  rifles and hand guns I have tried to use it on.It is a great deal better than the cable locks provided with many weapons.Not sure how well hardened the shaft is, only three digits so this will not stop a determined thief that has already taken your fire arm.  But that is not the purpose of a trigger lock.  It will deter children and mothers in law.Please be safe and use multiple layers of protection when storing and transporting your fire arms.In summary, I plan to buy more of these.
I purchased two locks to provide an additional level of security on both a full size rifle and a Ruger 10/22.  I selected the Master Lock combination model because it will allow me to keep firearms secured without having to keep track of a key.  For those gun owners who want to balance the always-never dilemma (always have ready access but never allow unauthorized users access), this product works extremely well.  Despite customer complaints about setting the locks, I the process to be extraordinarily easy.  I had both locks reset and on their respective rifles in just a couple minutes.I will continue to use these locks for any firearm which is not already secured in a suitably locked hard-case.
This was purchased for my S&W; M&P; .40 handgun. It can take a little bit to get it on JUST RIGHT, but once you find that perfect position, it's gold. Numbers aren't the smoothest, but it does what it is intended to do. Like I said, just take a little bit of time to set it up.Overall, I'm pleased with the extra level of safety I now have when transporting it in the car, and you just can't beat the price and fast shipping!
This as easy to install and change the combination on. It's not a viable  alternative to a gun safe but it's no where near a gun safe price either. It will keep small kids from being able to fire your weapon or anyone else who just want's to pick it up and look at it safely. But, of course, a determined adult could break it with a hammer. It serves it's purpose, just know what your purpose is. I like mine because it does what it is meant to do very well. I view it as a good quality &#34;safety device&#34; rather than a &#34;security device&#34; although it provides some security as well.  Since I don't have kids at home anymore, it's al I need for my wife and I. Even our grandkids are teenagers or adults now.  If I need max security I would use a max security gun safe. But still, this is a good trigger lock to have.
I have just ordered three more of these locks. I already have one and I am very happy with it. I am especially happy with the fact that I do not need to carry keys to unlock my firearms. The keyed locks are sturdy and reliable; however, all it took was one occasion when I forgot to bring the key and could not shoot.Not only are these locks more convenient, they fit my Yugo M57 Tokarev! I have several different pistols/revolvers and so far these locks fit every one.Though I am very pleased with these locks, I rated them a four-star. I did this because it would be nice if these locks were available in a multipack. Paying about 9 dollars a shot for them is a bit much...
I don't have a gun safe, but needed something to keep my rifles secure in case little curious hands found them. NOTE: my ammo is locked away in a fireproof safe so I've got that covered.  This combo lock seems to have done the trick.  The lock is on nice and tight which prevents unintended use. I tried pulling the trigger but the lock will not budge one bit. I chose this over the keyed version because I have enough keys to worry about. I'm using this on my Marlin 795 and even my Crossman 1377 carbine.  Yep, I'm not taking any chances with a little one in the house and the combo lock fits the bill.
The lock combination can be set by the user.  I bought 6 of them, and set the combination the same on all of them to make it easy for me to remember (I only have to remember one combination, and I do not have to worry about loosing any keys).  This is an excellent feature.I also like that it fits on my shotguns, pistols, and rifles.  You can not see it in the picture, but when you separate the two sides of the lock, there are pressure pins that catch the trigger mechanism to ensure a tight and secure closure on the trigger.  Very good design at a great price.
Works great on firearms with a fixed trigger guard.However, on my two lever-action rifles, it's not very effective -- probably no surprise, given the design. On an older Winchester 94, I can get position it to lock the trigger guard and trigger together, with some effort. On a Winchester 9422, it attaches itself to the trigger guard, and it just slides off of the trigger itself when the lever is used. The rifle can be loaded, cocked, and fired with the lock still in place.
While trigger locks are not intended to make a gun safe (you can still place a round in the chanber of most firearms), They can act and serve as a deterrent to the use of the firearm.  The lock easily attaches to the trigger guard of all firearms.  It is only effective on firearms with fixed trigger guards. I prefer a combination lock because it eliminates the need for keeping a keyring with multiple keys.  I keep and store each of my firearms with one of these combination locks.
These pads are all rubber and roughly 1/8th inch thick. They are easy to carry inside the original box. The white color gives maximum visibility which helps when placing on grass or on a dirt field. Because it's real thin, it's better to flatten / trim tall grass to avoid bending too much.All in all it's a serviceable set of pads when playing in a park or patch of grass. But for more serious games I think it's better to look for base with more height to the pad, like real bases.
These are very nice quality rubber bases.  They are much much nicer than the simple plastic throw bases and will last you a long time.  They are perfect for a trip to the park,  t-ball, baseball etc.  The only reason I did not give them five stars is that the box is very thin and cannot be used as a permanent storage.  The box lasted like two weeks - and then I had to find another suitable way to lug them around (keep in mind - they are solid - so they aren't light).  It would be nice if they would include a nylon carry bag or something with a handle that could be used to permanently store, haul, carry these around.  Otherwise - they are very useful!
I love this line. I generally buy 8-10 pounds and it is strong enough for any fishing I am doing. I generally bass fish in 20 ft of water.For night fishing I use the line that shows on black light. For day fishing I use the crystal line.I caught a 5 lb smallmouth on Dale Hollow with the 8 pound line. Last year using another line we broke off on several fish. This year I took my own gear and used the Crystal 8 lb line, and had no fear of the line breaking and that confidence was wonderful.This line casts extemelly well. Just remeber this is one strong line. Some buy 20 pound line or higher and that is a huge mistake as the line does not cast as well and is way too powerful for normal bass fishing.With 8-10 pound line when you get hung you are pretty much hung as the line is so strong.I will forever use this line and not waste time trying any other line.
I haven't used theBerkley Fireline 125-Yard Fishing Linein the 6/2-Pound Smoke for fishing yet, but it is the best for beading projects, particularly those with faceted beads like crystals or stones.  I double the line and first wipe it through a paper towel, then run it through beeswax after threading my needle.  I never knot this superline when beading, but use silk or nylon thread in those cases.  Amazon sells this product for much less than any other source I've found.  I also can recommend theBerkley Hot Line Cutterwhich does an outstanding job of cutting and melting the fireline when a project is completed.
I've been using Fireline in my beading projects for about eight years, and it works great for when you're using Swarovski crystals or beads that have sharp edges.The 6-pound count is nice for beads that are heavier and projects that have more weight to them.You just need to be really careful not to knot your projects; quite a few beading instructors have been warning that knots will break with this, and I've seen it happen when they demonstrate it.The smoke color will leave a grey residue on your fingers, but I rub it through a piece of Kleenex to take it off before I wax my thread, and have no problems.I was so happy to find this on Amazon since it's much cheaper to buy it here than from a beading store or beading website!
If it's 20lb test, SAY that it's 20lb test.  Don't do the "20/8lb" nonsense.  It means it's 20lb test with the same diameter as "normal" 8lb test monofiliment.  What's up with that?  When did fishing become a techno-weenie adventure?Not at all what I wanted.I'm dropping the staars for a very confusing product description.  I can't use it on my reels, and can't rate it as a fishing line, but the guy I gave it to was very happy to get it for salmon fishing.
Simple review; I LOVE IT! Believe me, I looked all over the internet, looked at all those Youtube reviews etc etc. This is what I found and what I purchased. It 's the best!. Buy it, no hassle, easy to use, comes in a handy bag with all the goodies. The steady view (IS) is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's like a digital camera that you focus.
Another poster mentioned only a 1 year warranty but the box (purchased on Amazon) has a sticker that says 3 years and the warranty card in the box confirmed it. I've been using a good pair of zoom binoculars for watching boats and they are fine if I have a tripod. This Canon Image Stabilization (IS) 10x30 solves the problem beautifully. They are far more useful than standard binoculars because you can concentrate on the details of whatever you're watching without straining to hold them steady. They are very comfortable to hold as they are compact and light weight. Everybody who tries them breaks into a big smile when they press the IS button!
Canon makes the best stuff and now these are my favorite Binoculars. They work GREAT! I always see a lot of unsteadiness when I hold a pair of Binoculars for any period of time while zooming in as far as possible. These though have a button on them which engages a gyroscope (That's what the documentation says) of some sort and totally steadied the image. I walked around using them and they work GREAT! I have yet to try them aboard and boat of from a moving land vehicle, but as the Documentation also states there are apt to be problems with that sort of use. I totally recommend these as being Fantastic Binoculars. Canon always seems to cos more than other devices. I also own a few of their Cameras and Lenses, but you get what you pay for. I have come to like Canon products very much and plan on using their products in the future.
Like other reviewers I am absolutely enamored with this little ball. But two flaws stood out right away. The first is that ball came 3/4 inflated. I had to dig out the bicycle pump to inflate the ball. Not a hard job, but one I didn't suspect I would need to do. The second issue was the synthetic material covering and the "Made in China" stamp. I find it hard call this a replica ball when it's not made of leather nor made in the USA. That all said, the ball is really cute. We tossed it around the yard today. I got it specifically for my 2 year old son. He is infatuated with my official NFL game ball. Now that he has his own, fit for his small hands, he is so very happy. As I write this review, he is upstairs sleeping with it tucked in bed with him.
Our three year old has one of these. It is by far his favorite riding toy. He must have spent 50 hours riding it in the past year. It is very well built with strong materials. Other than a little wear it looks like new. It has been kept outside under the patio cover about 1/2 the time and the other 1/2 in the garage.He parked it behind our boat trailer a couple of weeks ago and I backed the trailer and bent the rear wheel. I was able to easily order a new wheel from Radio Flyer and had it fixed in a few minutes after the wheel arrived.Great product.
We got this trike to teach our two year old how to ride. At the time he was around the same size as typical 3-4 year olds. Even with the seat all the way down, he had a lot of trouble reaching the pedals. As he got older and bigger, he was able to ride more successfully, but I would say still not comfortably. Also, getting on the trike is actually harder for him because of the stairs in back.I'd go for a different shaped trike if I had it to do again.Pro:- Solidly built- Looks great!- Fairly easy to assembleCon:- Hard for my son to get on and off- Too big for the kids most likely to ride a trike instead of a bike, IMO- Bell is quiet stiff for smaller hands- HEAVY!
This is the best knife I ever had.I wasn't certain spending so much on a pocket knife would be worth it but it was.It is solid and large. It flicks open easily and locks up firmly.  The blade stays sharp.  It continues to work like and look like new.  You can easily operate it with one hand while you hold what you are cutting in the other.The sharpened tip proves very useful for opening packages.  The serrated part of the blade is good for cutting plastic ties.
I own several other SOG knives. This is the largest I have. It should be noted that the smaller knives have the fast spring "flip out" operation. This model is not the fast spring loaded type like some of the others. But the blade and the way this is designed still makes it fast with one hand. It is a quality looking knife.As usual with all SOG knives, the steel holds a very sharp edge and is strong. The handle has a good feel to the grip and everything about it is quality.I love the lifetime warranty and am sure I won't need it. If I should need it however, it's nice to know this is a company that stands behind their products. This is a more "handsome" looking knife than the majority of their black coated blades, but they are all handsome and I have yet to have one fail on me or come up short in any manner.
Double bladed, my only gripe is the blade's a tad short. Most manufacturers of great knives don't want to go through the trouble sharpening both edges, but SOG. The characteristics of this knife make it a good fighting knife, but a little on the smallish side. Take a look at the Cold Steel Voyager with a 5- or 6-inch blade for not a whole lot more money. Chances are you'll drop this one in a heartbeat.Free shipping on knives would be great, too, but too many of these outfits want $7 or $8 to send you a $45 knife! I keep hoping free shipping will become the wave of the future in Internet sales. At least on smaller items.
I originally purchased this knife as a backup or emergency use knife but it has been an EDC knife for about a month now and performed extremely well.  The steel holds its edge very well and out of the box I only touched it up with a leather strap to polish the edge a little.  I have yet to perform harsh tasks or try to abuse it but the steel eats everything I throw at it.  In comparison the Cold Steel Hold Out III started to dull after opening 15-20 envelopes where as the Pentagon Elite didn't start to loose its edge until 45 envelopes and breaking down three boxes.  The edge only lost its super fine edge and it only took a few minutes on a leather strap to get it back.The steel used in this knife has me sold and I will never purchase a knife with anything less AUS8 is terrible compared to this.
The action is smooth and one handed, the blade is razor sharp.  The blade is rock solid when in extended position, no wobble.  The pocket clip is rock solid, unlike other knives I have owned.  I literally shaved my leg with it, no razor burn!!!  Now I walk around with a bald spot on my leg.  I also own the big brother of this knife, the pentagon elite II, they are the best folding knives I've ever owned.  I would recommend them with enthusiasm.
Whether you're working in the yard, the garage, at work or in the field, having a tool kit is essential.  This set has a multitude of tools to get a majority of minor jobs completed.The body and handles are made of a matte finished stainless steel.The needle nosed pliers allow for a one-handed release.  A crimping tool is integrated into the pliers for stripping cables and cutting small wire.  An 8 cm and 3" ruler are integrated into the handles.  The file, screwdrivers, bottle opener, Phillips screwdriver, and knife are all easy to access and operate.  A plastic lock allows for safe use of the tools.  For the price and the number of tools, this still sets the standard for multipurpose tool kits.The nylon sheath is rugged and allows for a vertical carry.Other Products Tried:Leatherman ToolkitOverall, I am pleased with the Tool Kit.
I bought this knife a while back and have used it for a few years now.  It is one of my blades that tasted my flesh.  I cut myself opening a back of Gatorade.  This knife has done some carving, fishing, gutting, food prepping, etc.  It is a neat little folder I use at home and outdoors.  The only recommendation I'd make would be to have the sheath velcro be replaced with a button.  Then I would feel better about carrying the knife on my belt.  Just saying if Gerber is listening.  This blade design just works.  Never slips when wet.  And I love how it just feels in my hands.
My wife uses this as her camping "kitchen" knife.  She, however, doesn't like to carry it, finding it too heavy for wearing in her hiking shorts.  It does not have a pocket clip, but comes with a belt sheath.  This should have been my first warning it was too heavy for her pocket.  Oh well, still a great addition to our gear.The unserrated blade is easy to sharpen and holds an edge well and the locking mechanism is strong and positive. The grip truly is "all weather" as claimed. It has an excellent texture, which combined with its rubbery construction gives one a great grip even when wet.
I'm not sure what is meant in the description listed for this knife with the word "box" at the end, but the box it came in was cardboard,nothing unusual.However, this knife is a good quality knife for the money and the grip is perfect for those occasions where your hands may be wet and you need to cut through something tough using the serrated part of the knife blade.  Your hand will NOT slip on this "gator" grip!  The overal demensions are great, about 1/8 inch longer than a similar Gerber straight edged knife I have from Gerber (but it has a different handle).  I am very satisfied with the 3 Gerber knives I've bought thusfar, including THIS kinife, the smaller straight-edged (e.g. non-serrated) one I already had before this purchase, and the Gerber Prodigy (survival) knife I bought recently.
I love the way the knive feels and its durability is great.  As others pointed out, it's not perfect like fancier brands.  I bought mine in the late 1990's.  I worked as an EMT and needed a durbale knive to cut seatbelts and for other rescue purposes.I'm not a hunter, but I have taken this outdoors for hikes and fishing.  This is my second Gerber product.  I own the original multi-tool - Gerber's version of the Leatherman.  That got a lot of use.Bottom line: A great value to have in your collection.
I've had this for a week now so I can't speak to its longevity but it seems like an excellent knife. It's light enough for everyday carry in jeans or dress slacks, but It's a good sized knife so be sure to measure so you know what you are getting because it does take up some room if your pockets are small.Grip: excellentLanyard clip: NoneOne-hand opening: Not possible so far (though I suspect a little silicone spray might make it possible)Lock: seems excellentBlade: I'm not a knife fanatic so I can't tell you about the quality of materials in the blade but I can tell you that the blade is very sharp out of the box! Also, I love the angled tip for ripping packing tape (on boxes) so I don't have to use the blade side.Knife made in United States. The case is made in China.If anything changes quality wise I will be sure to update this review. So far I'm VERY happy with it.
The best feature of this Gerber is its rubber grip. It is so comfortable in your hand. Wet or dry it does not slip in your hand. The steel is not very easy to sharpen but it holds its edge extremely well. You really cannot find a better general use pocket knife. If you're using this where there is a lot of moisture you will absolutely love the grip.There are only two things that I would like to have seen built into the Gator.1) a thumb "pin" so that you can open this one handed.2) a hole in the handle for a lanyard.I find myself turning to my Gator more than I do my Spyederco's, other Gerbers, CRKT's, Ka Bar's and Sog's. It's my absolute favorite utility knife.
I have been using a Gerber E-Z out knife for about 15 years.  I have lots of knives, as I'm a collector but this is my go-to blade for just about anything from fishing to cutting up boxes.  For the price, it's hard to get a better knife.  I still use my old one after 15 years, even though my wife bought me this new one last Christmas.  There's no reason to ever second guess whether or not you should buy this knife.  It's a no brainer.  The newer one changed ever so slightly, but for all practical purposes it's the same one I've been using all these years.  Just get it.......trust me!
I spent quite some time researching and trying to find a pocket knife that I liked that was made in the USA.  Unfortunately the information about that is very sketchy online.  This one doesn't say it anywhere, so I took a chance and got lucky that it had the Portland, OR stamp on the blade.  I have been using it for several months now and have absolutely no complaints about it.  I love the cut outs on the blade for one handed opening vs. the typical thumb posts.  It fits in my pocket very well and was extremely well sharpened when it arrived.
Awesome Sharp knife. Had the old version for about 10 years and never needed to sharpen. It was not the skeleton like this but they do not make the non-skeleton version anymore of this. My old Gerber disappeared one day and I was sick about it, had a lot of memories tied to that knife. LOL...So decided to get this updated version of the model called the e-z out skeleton that they are selling now. SHARP, HOLDS an Edge and just kicks bottom. Took about a week to get use to flipping the blade out with one hand and thumb but now have that mastered.Love this knife so much keep it beside the bed at night and it is the first thing I look for when getting dressed in the morning.
Had a Henckels International sharpening steel that came in a set with 6 or 7 other blades and a block.  It never seemed to keep things sharp, and in fact, I swear it made some newly sharpened knives worse.  Our son wants to be a chef and is currently a line cook, and when he saw our steel, he said it was so coarse that it was almost a joke.  He tried to fix up our Henckels International knives with his own steel, but the knives were too far gone.  I got the DMT diamond steel and it still has not done much with our Henckels International blades, made them better for sure, but has really ressurected som old Victorinox and Chicago Cutlery knives I took out of the basement.  Also fixed up my swiss army knife and Columbia River Knife and Tool pocket knife blades.  Worked so well I got a DMT serrated blade steel to go along with this item.
4 month update!well after about 4 month it has completely lost it's sharpening ability. minding that i do a lot of cutting, and I used this on every knife around the house. However i was hopping that the diamond edge will hold longer. all an all i'm going to switch to sharpening stones.My Initial review:Sharpens the knives like never before! you need to know how to use a sharpening rod though ( plenty of youtube videos on it). rod usually alight the blade and not sharpen it though with this one you can sharpen the blade. works very well on a variety of steel grades.
I got this to keep in my day pack while hunting, The size is perfect, it folds flat and takes no space but when it is open it is large enough to sharpen my any of my knives easily, My everyday clip knife gets abused, and I was able to quickly get it back to a sharp edge in short order with this. A lightweight American made product that sharpens knives well, it will be in my day pack all the time now. A must have for western elk hunters quartering up an elk.
I bought a couple of these in different grits. They are really handy for keeping a keen edge on a working blade. My family is in construction, and I'm the only one who seems interested in doing much if any knife maintenance. I got this for my brother though so I don't have to resharpen the knives he uses as often, and it let's him keep safe sharp knives instead of dangerous dull ones. I may have to get a few more for other family members and then I might only have to sharpen my own knives.
This shines as sort of an EDC type sharpener for Smaller blades.Great for your pocket knife, or neck knife.  Its pretty short, so it difficult to get a lot of purchaseon your blade with anything larger, though I guess it could be done if you really tried.Originally got this to test as part of a minimalist kit for use as my sharpener.....I decided there weredefinitely better options for that.This is one of those purchases that ended up totally working out, just not how I thought, as this thing is always with mein my day to day routine.
This is the little brother of the DMT diafold.  Very light and small.  I keep one on my keychain.  The extended length when open, is an aid to keeping a constant angle.  I have never had one come apart but I suspect they are not as durable as the diafold and are not available two sided (two different grits) which of course, would be heavier.  Mine seem to be rust resistant for use with water to wash away metal dust which would otherwise accumulate on the surface.  These Mini Sharps are not for any work heavier than edge maintenance.UPDATE 9/7/2012:-- The molded-on flanges of the plastic handle broke off when I tried to unfold my Mini-Sharp. No more than normal force was applied.  It is now in two pieces.  I want an item like this to be dependable. Lowering my rating to one star.
The DMT family of knife sharpening products are top shelf kit.  I use them in the kitchen and in the garage, from sharpening a shovel (yes, it really works better when the edge is sharp) to sharpening steak knives.  These were purchased to add to my truck tool box, small, easy to stow away.  They work very well, just remember to let the sharpening edge do the work for you, do NOT press down hard, you will just remove the diamond media and ruin the surface.
I recently purchased this sharpener and instantly put it to use.I have a CRKT Zytel M16 knife that the steel is so hard I could not sharpen to my liking.I stroked both sides of the blade with the coarse side a few times and switched to the fine side,its worked great,the knife is now very sharp with minimum of honing.In my opinion this is the best knife sharpener I have used,and I have a few-coarse Arkansas and fine,also a Lansky system and I find this the fastest and easiest to use.I give it a +1,buy it you wont regret the purchase.
This is a compact, handy, well made tool.  I debated giving it 4 stars because the handle material seems thin and perhaps a bit fragile, but, so far it holds up great and takes up very little space, all things considered. I also have a few Smith's diamond sharpeners and the DMT beats them all.  The folding design protects the surface when closed and provides a handle when open.  Tip: when using this as a typical bench whetstone, lean the far end of the sharpener on the table top.  Only add water or use it dry - anything else will gum it up.  Although this angles the stone, it steadies it, making for solid grining angle and surface.  I've sharpened a collection of knives and even got a really good edge on some scissors I was debating tossing - fist time sharpening scissors.  Look out edged tools!This is one of those tools I'd buy again to have a back-up.  MADE IN USA.
I have a quite a few knives in my collection, ranging from spyderco's, benchmade, cold steel, ka bar to name a few, and this sharpener puts an extremely sharp and fine edge on all of them. It even makes cheap Chinese made knives hair shaving sharp. The DMT is by far the best and most simple to use sharpening stone I have ever come by, basically no skill is required to sharpen a knife with it. And hey it's made in the USA right in Massachusetts so u get good American quality. Don't think about it, just buy it!!
Got this to touch up some camping/survival blades and it seems to do the job well.  plastic cover is fairly hard and could probably go through some moderate abuse.  When opened, i like to support the hinge when sharpening (not saying it will break but it makes me feel batter).  Worked very well on my field dressing knife and i just spent a few minutes on the Ontario OKC3S bayonet.  I know the bayonet isnt meant to be &#34;cutting&#34; sharp, but i bought it to be a survival knife (cut rope, saw minor wood, cut clothes, etc.) and the edge I made in 5 minutes was much better than how it came from factory.  It will still require some time and tlc, as the steel seems exceptionally hard.All in all i recommend this product for any on the go sharpening needs.  comes in many grits so choose which ones you get wisely before saying the product doesnt meet your needs!
I have a saying.  "Give me your dullest knives, and I'll make them duller!"  I stink at sharpening knives.  Always have.  But since I purchased the DMT I've been able to keep all my blades in shaving sharp condition.  It does the job fast, and thats cool, because I can be impatient.  I have found that the fine side does most of the sharpening, and is adequate for most needs.  The lite, small, compactness of it makes it great for any trip where regular sharpening is required, ie. camping fishing, backpacking.  So for all you unskilled types (like me), you will be happy buying the DMT diafold sharpener.
Before this purchase my idea of sharpening knives are sliding the blade thru an electric sharpener made by chef mate.While it does the job well i totally ruined a Cold steel Recon tanto knife.I purchased this because of the reviews and the video.And after playing around with it i got to sharpen my Cold steel knife back to the way it came...well almost but its really sharp.My observation specially with the folding knife is the coarse actually provide a better edge than the fine.Like i mentioned its my first time doing it and so far im really happy with it.Now im looking around the house finding something to sharpen LOL.Bottom line if you want a sharpener thats easy to use look no further.Im going to order another one for camping and the other one stays in the kitchen.
I bought this as my wife had a diamond sharpener and her carving knifes are sharper than mine even though I used a whetstone and file. When it came from Amazon I sharpened my Beretta 2.5 inch, VG10 stainless, folding pocket knife,Trident modelin about 2 minutes.  The small depressions in the sharpener, are there for the purpose of catching the metal dust and filings and keeping the surface clean so theDiamonds in the surface can do their work. That was an excellent idea. The blade was so sharp, that drawing it across my forearm, the hair was cut clean to the surface. You won't go wrong with buying this sharpener.
I didn't want to spend around thirty bucks to buy a small sharpener but I did... and it works the best so far. I have a few of them no skill type sharpeners like the fur ozitech or whatever its called and that doesn't work very good at all, but this sharpener works wonderfully. It is a little slower and harder to master but it allowed me to sharpen a few knives to shaving sharp, which is exactly what I wanted and couldn't do...until now. Just buy one! I bought the fine xtra-fine because I didn't want to buy 2 and I wanted to be able to shave with the knife when done sharpening. If your knife is dull it may take longer to get it to sharp but it will eventually.
I live in an apartment and after attempting to sharpen some knives using other means with the DMT sharpening stones, I decided for safety reasons I needed to get a base. The base itself comes with rubber stoppers you have to install both at the base and where larger stones would sit. It is elevated comfortably enough above the surface it sits on that sharpening has become significantly easier. It does slide a little however on a kitchen counter top. I added some weight to the sides to help hold it down and that seemed to help it sit still better. I kind of wish the base itself was heavier so that I would need to do this every time but it still allows me a much better surface to sharpen my knives.
This is a very nice street hockey set.  The sticks are very durable and they assemble fast with a phillips screwdriver.  The net is assembled by pressing the PVC tubes into the corner joints; Easy to do!  Both sticks work for left or right handers: Only slightly can you notice that one is for left and the other is for right.  However, we have all kinds of neighbor kids use them and they NEVER are concerned about the &#34;proper&#34; fitting of the stick.  They just use them....PERIOD!  Again, a great product and price.
This is a great hockey net for the kids to use on the street or driveway. It's very sturdy and still light enough for my 8 year old to carry it around easily. The netting, the posts, and the sticks are all great quality for this price. This has a lot of bang for the buck. I liked it so much, I thought I was ordering two more (to keep at the in-laws) but instead I accidentally ordered  Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White which has these flimsy little posts and I know it'll end up broken in no time. At least I have one solid net to rely on and two crappy ones as spares. I HIGHLY recommend getting this one over the Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White!!
I bought a few of these for my family.  I think I still prefer the rally over this model since it gets rid of the scissors and adds a screwdriver instead.  Still, there is a reason why this is a &#34;classic&#34;!  You won't be disappointed with this small keychain knife.  I would suggest adding an extra keyring so the knife sits flush with your keys.  The one keyring it comes with will cause the knife to sit perpendicular to your keys, adding bulk.
OK, so my main complaint on this knife is, it is seriously the smallest knife known to man. I realize there is a size listed in the description, but honestly, who really expects a Swiss Army Knife to be so small the blade is nearly microscopic? I'm not even sure what task you could actually accomplish with this toy - maybe opening a letter? I got this, intending to give it to my 9-year-old on a father-son camping trip, as a sort of right-of-passage on his journey to becoming a man. Somehow, I don't think it will have quite the impact I was hoping for, given that I lose the knife in my own hand, it's so small.Again, I know there is a description that gives 2 1/4&#34; as a length, but seriously, nobody needs a knife this small.  I would return it, except I'm not sure it's worth the cost of return shipping.
ORIGINAL:It is like a Yellow Ferrari :) The color in the picture is faithful to reality. All tool are excellent as expected but beware that this is very small knife. A true keyring thin short knife and micro scissors :)UPDATE:After first use, I noticed that the keyring is at the wrong end of the knife and right end of the scissors. Maybe this knife in reality is a nail-clipper (scissor to clip and file to smooth out and the knife is a novilty that goes with the name. I am updating my review to 1 just so they may listen otherwise the knife is worth 3.5 stars max 4.ACTIONI think we should all update our ratings to 1 for Victronix to listen up or as one of the reviewer said already that he has contacted them since 2o years ago but no one listen.
Got it today, way quicker than I expected or was said, it's so cute, it's tiny, got it as a gift for my fathers b-day who has all mac stuff, laptop, phone and think ipod, so this goes along with his style, didn't take it out of the box so as not to finger print it up, though it is really cute and think he will like it.  Has toothpick and tweezers.  Assuming like my old faithful swiss is sharp as can be though won't find out till he gets it.
We own three of these little Victorinox Swiss Army Knives, two of them on our car key rings and another one for my son. This knife has a good collection of tools, including a very good pair of mini-scissors (really!), a nail file and small flat head screwdriver, tweezers, plastic toothpick, and knife.The knife blades were a little duller than I expected, but a few quick passes with my sharpenerAccuSharp 001 Knife Sharpenerput a very good edge on them.We also have several of the larger Victorinox knives as well (includingVictorinox Swiss Army Champion Plus Pocket Knife) and have never been disappointed with any of their products.Highly Recommended!CFH
This is a great girlie knife.  It has the same tools/functionality as the classic Swiss small army knife but looks much nicer.  It is clear medium pink translucent with opaque pastel pink and medium lavendar color camo spots.  I have not kept it in my pocket, so I can't comment on how the design holds up while rubbing against keys.  I keep it on my desk to open boxes or use the other tools when needed.  The knife is super sharp, at least when new.
I got one of this knife as free item from Swiss army gift pack. I gave it to my 10 years old daughter who is a town boy loves it. It's very easy for her to use and carry it with her. Most likely she use it for craft work. Then she wants her friends to have it, so I bought all different colors for other daughters as birthday gift, even very girlish girl (she got pink one) likes the knife too. It's a very cute and excellent tool.
It's a Swiss Army Classic. It's designed to hang on your keychain. You may read some reviews complaining the scissors or blade aren't very &#34;robust&#34; or it doesn't have this or that. If you want any of that they make SAKs for that. This is if you need a few basic functions on your key chain for cutting tags (knife), trimming loose threads (scissors), eliminating a stray hair (tweezers) or getting lunch out of your teeth (toothpick).Now that the rant on unrealistic expectations out of the way, I can get back to the product. Victorinox continues to do a nice job with the Classic. Quality is what I expect from an SAK, small and functional little knife. I carry it every day just like my Dad taught me.
I love these things.  Perfect for a keychain.  Has exactly the tools you need, and nothing more.  Small as you can get to have the tools you need.Funny story, I always have one of these on my keychain and I forgot to take it off when I was getting on a plane.  It was confiscated, so I used my phone on the way to the terminal to order a new one with Amazon Prime, and it was waiting at my doorstep when I got home.  I heart capitalism.
I have bought these at Target, Walmart, Amazon, and probably other places - I've bought so many I can't remember.  My last several have been from Amazon and have been very happy with the service.All I need is a little pen knife and I appreciate the size and the tools that are included.  I sharpen the blade when it gets dull and eventually I replace the whole knife when I lose it (like happened the last time) or just starts looking too worn out from being in my pocket with my keys, etc.I expect that I'll keep buying them for the rest of my life.
Each year, I give these little classic knives as gifts to an assortment of people.  With the restrictions on knives on aircraft now, they are always appreciated.  Since owning and using these on a daily basis for many years, I have yet to have one break or be problematic.  I do oil the hinges every year or so at least, more when the knife is used often.  It's the most basic knife without bells and whistles and I love it.  They are offered in a wide variety of colors and patterns and usually can be found for $10 or less.  The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is the best in it's class and at the low cost, it's not heartbreaking when one is lost.  It's also nice to have a couple on hand in the gift box for the times when someone compliments mine -- I give it away and know that I have a replacement at home.
I love these little seven function knives which are made in Switzerland.  It fits easily in any pocket even attached to a keychain.  The tools are: knife, nail file, screwdriver, scissors, tweezers, toothpick, and key ring. Although it's not big, I have found that it can be adapted to do many things. The knife you have &#34;with you&#34; is much better than the bigger one you left at home.  The scissors and the knife blade are quite sharp and are made from good steel.  A friend that I gave one to discovered a new use.  If you pluck the tweezers like a tuning fork it makes a musical note.  Great if you can sing. The white color is very nice looking.
As soon as I learned that TSA has announce plans to allow small knives starting April 25, I rushed to my computer and bought a new one.The knife is a great basic tool - small scissors, tweezers, a small knife, and a nail file/flat screwdriver.  I wish that it had an LED light, and some mini pliers would be nice, but this is pretty good for a key ring.More detail on the TSA: according to what I've read, the TSA is planning to allow knives under 6 centimeters in length and 1.27 centimeters in width, starting April 25, 2013.  I suppose plans could change, but from what I can tell, this should qualify.Update: After some more research, I probably prefer theVictorinox Midnite Manager, which adds a Philips screwdriver, a bottle opener, and a pen, but loses the tweezers and toothpick.  This is still a great tool, though, and less pricey, so poke around and see what you like.
To me, these knives are like socks in the dryer. Every so often I just lose one. But like socks, I use this knife daily. Not as a knife proper, but to pick on things, open this or that, fasten or tighten a screw. I finally learned not to use my teeth to rip on packages and find this knife in my pocket instead. The small jeans pocket. This should be a standard issue, everybody should have one and the TSA should lay off. Nobody is going to highjack a plane with this one.
I have been carrying one of these as long as I can remember, at least 20 years.  It is the most usefult single thing I have.  My wife always raises an eyebrow when I say that.  I call it my WMD (Weapon of Minimal Destruction).This is the Victorinox version.  There is also a version made by Wenger.  As I understand it, Victorinox and Wenger are at odds about who is the "original" swiss army knife.  I don't care who is right about that, but I think the Victorinox version of the knife is nicer.  It's a bit thinner, operates more smoothly, and is finished a little nicer.
I have owned many different Swiss Army and leatherman knives.  In the end, the only things you really end up using are the scissors and the blade.  This has both of them - although they are quite small.  This is not one of the full size knives.  This is more of a "keychain" knife.  Although you will need to be careful not to take this to the airport.  I keep one of these in my desk drawer at work and another near the front door (for use opening packages.)
I've owned several of these knives some I've lost, and some I have given away to friends. I am one of those guys that is never without a knife.  I can't always carry a full size pocket knife as a nurse, so when I'm at work this is my blade of choice. It is a simple but functional item. I have used every feature on the knife and they all work like champs! Even when I do carry a full size pocket knife, I still keep this one in my pocket. Bigger blades can be nice but often they are overkill for the average task. It is small, light, non-bulky, non-threatening, and super functional. I don't know any person that wouldn't benefit from this classic little pocket knife. ALWAYS the perfect gift. If you want thinner, go for the alloy one without the toothpick/tweezers.
Like countless other dads over the years i got this for my ten year old for his first pocket knife and he loved it before announcing that it was too small and inquiring as to the possibility of obtaining a switch blade to replace it.  After a brief but intense discussion, he is now quite happy to still have access to this little tool.  What can really be said about a product like this other than &#34;it lives up to it's reputation&#34;.  The company and the product have been around forever and it does exactly what you would expect it to.  No one is going to cut down a tree, or cut anything more substantial than some heavy twine with this but it's a great introduction to responsible tool ownership and use and an essential accessory for every well rounded American boy.
I'm liking this little guy. I have tried so many keychain tools,..the Gerber Shard was my last experiment, but finally got tired of poking my leg when in the pocket, or jabbing my fingers when reaching into the pocket for it.  I'm not sure if I'll ever use the scissors, but they sure are sweet to play with! The blade is so tiny it's hard to call it a knife, but...so far it's sliced it's way into my heart, metaphorically speaking, of course, otherwise I'd probably be in ER instead of writing this review,..
Kidding,  I've had the Classic SD for about 2 weeks now and am in love with it.  I bought it as a set along with the larger Tinker.  All tools function well.  My favorite is the toothpick.  The fingernale file comes in at a close second.  the little blade is sharp and workes well for its size.  This would be a usefull peice to add to a first aid kit, but this one travels in my pocket as my mini EDC.  Funny how quickly a small multi tool can become indespensible.  I rotate all my other blades, but this one is my constant companion.  Now if only they would add a corkscrew.
Looked forward to replacing my Classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well.  The two halves of the scissor bind and only open partially unless you manually assist it each stroke.  So I ordered a new one.  It arrived, incorrect style, quickly corrected by Amazon customer service.  But the correct knife arrived and was a continued quality disappointment.  The scissor feature on the new one is as bad as the old one.  I have many Swiss Army knives and have previously believed their quality and customer service were first rate.  I contacted SA and received a response stating they would look into my quality concern.  A couple weeks went by and they replied that their scissor spring had not changed.  Period.  Hardly addresses the poor performance I reported to them.  And the spring was never the problem anyway.  The two cutting faces of the scissor are too tight.Bottom line ... Poor or deteriorating product quality and sadly poor customer service to match.
It's funny to me that this Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is actually labeled a "knife."  Like other Swiss army knives, there are multiple functions.  I've used the scissors more than anything, but the single slim knife blade does come in handy.  Unless the TSA takes it away,  eventually the spring for the scissors will eventually break, and you'll lose the toothpick, the tweezers, or both.  Then, perhaps, it's time for a replacement.  Until then, however, you have a fabulous mini utility tool to help you with your life functions!
I'll start by saying this knife may be small, but it is sturdy. It is perfect to carry on you keyring as it's small size won't make your keys excessively bulky and yet it has everything you'd need for day to day uses. It has a knife that is great for cutting small items (string and packaging etc) and although i've had mine for years it is still as sharp as the day I bought it. The scissors may be a touch fiddly but they are sharp and function well. The file and screwdriver have also come in handy at various times. These knives are always well made and their reputation is well deserved, they manage to be aesthetically pleasing, easy to use and sturdy all at the same time, no mean feat. A good entry level swiss army knife and perfect for small jobs whilst out and about.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
I like to have this small one in my pocket for daily use.  It's small enough so it is less bulky than my car key and alarm bob.  It has the basic knife, combination screwdriver and nail file, and a small scissor; everything I've needed in a pinch when at work or out-and-about.  There's a pull out tweezer and toothpick, but I rarely use those.  Unfortunately, I had to give my last one to TSA at the airport.  I've gotten so used to slipping it into my pocket, it's hard to purposely not take it along.
A small, sharp knife, combination file and small screwdriver, tweezer, toothpick, and small scissors, all in one package that can go on your keyring. What could be cooler? You'll be surprised at how often you use the Classic.The only question is, should you get the Classic, or the Rally, which is the identical pocket knife, but with a combination small philips head screwdriver / bottle opener instead of the scissor?It's a matter of which you get the most use out of; I have both but prefer the Rally for the bottle opener. Most people have the Classic, perhaps because the Rally is newer and isn't as well-known.Have a look at the Rally before you decide; it is on the Amazon website for the same price.
Just so nobody gets confused here, this is a very small pocket knife. To be worn on a key chain. Nothing remotely what is considered EDC (every day carry). But here is why I got it: You get a small blade which is good enough to cut open little packages/string/etc. Scissors, a nail file and what I like the best....tweezers and a toothpick. None of the high priced Leatherman etc. multitools have tweezers, and if you ever had a nasty splinter you know how important tweezers can be.
This knife is so handy. When I first received it I thought it was so small that I would loose it. I thought I would have to replace it right away. I am amazed that I have not lost it. The blade is very sharp. The scissors are very sharp too.The thing I use this the most for is opening packages in the car, after purchasing something in the store. It is a very sharp, sturdy for it's size and just a great little knife. I have had this knife about a year now and it is still in like-new condition. I highly recommend this knife.
As a novelty, I got this to check out and see how useful it was.  But I was really most interested to see if TSA agents would have a fit about it.  The x-ray operators either didn't spot it in my bag or weren't too concerned about it (on either leg of my last round trip flight).The knife is too small for anything too useful other than maybe a letter opener or to poke through the seal on your bottle of Advil.The pen is interesting, but a little hard to manage if you have big hands.It probably would be most useful in your toiletries kit for when you're travelling.
I wish they had the attachment to use different socket tips. FIrst day I took it up into the Alpine regieon of the Rocky MOuntains, BAMB! I cut my thumb on the blade!  Old EMT trainng came into effect ... hehe.  I will comment later when I use it more. I bought this to see how will the saw blades will work for carving/sawing wooden triggers for snares and dead falls. Not sure this device will be up to it.It's slick and easy to keep clean.  The pouch is nice and I wear it when I go out of the house I do have confidence it will come in handy for several years.UPDATE:After 3 months I bought another as my son wanted a version of a Leatherman ... so I bought him this one. Be careful ... I cut myself again!
I've wanted one of these tools for a long time and I finally decided to go for it. I've handled the SwissTool as well as multi tools by Leatherman and SOG, which are brands I highly respect. I decided for the SwissTool because it feels more like a "real" tool than the others. It is simply more substantial, appears to be sturdier. The tools locking open is also a great feature and that alone had a lot to do with my choice. You can't go wrong with any of the 3 name brands but if you need durability the choice is easier.Note: the tool comes with a sheath. So unless you dislike nylon, you don't need to order the sheath separately.
What I like:Aesthetically pleasing to look at, handle and use.  The stainless steel is very appealing, and holds a nice shine.  The tools opening and locking have a very substantial, visceral click.  The curve of the plyer handles are very comfortable.It comes with a very nice, light-weight nylon SNAP pouch (I hate the velcro ones).It's lighter in weight than a Leatherman Surge, which is what I carried for the past ten years.What I dislike:Nothing.  I'm willing to sacrifice one-handed blade deployment for what I consider an aesthetically superior MT.
The Victorinox Swiss Tool RS is just what I was looking for - a mini tool set. I can't wait to try them all out. This is one of those 'don't leave home without it' items and comes in handy when I go hunting and fishing. While, you can't carry every tool with you to handle each and every unforseen emergency situation, this Victorinox comes as close as any to being able to do just that. It's a little too big to keep in my pocket but since it comes with a sturdy case it works fine on my belt.My Marine Corps experiences from the cold of Norway to the steaming jungles of Panama tells me this is a winner. Just like myVictorinox Swiss Army Explorer with Free Pouch, this is truly a quality product, one that you can count on to get the job done.  You will definitely be glad you ordered it. I know I am. ~ The Boss
I own several brands of Multi-tools, SOG, Gerber, Leatherman and now Victorinox. Nothing against the other brands, they are each very good in their own right, but this tool is nothing less than the Swiss perfection that you would expect from Victorinox. The pliers are very smooth and not stiff like the other brands (with exception to the spring assisted Gerber EVO or Butterfly). And the accessories are the easiest of all brands to open, they work just as smooth as opening up any Victorinox knife, and I might add they are also just as sharp. The only thing that could make this better is the opening of the pliers; I have yet to find any multi-tool that opens as smooth and as easy as the gear driven SOG PowerLock. Just my $0.02.....!!! I highly recommend the RS and would definitely buy this one again.
I had been wanting a multitool with a good set of pliers for a long time now.  But with all the choices on the market and most of them being less than cheap I didn't know what to do.  Then I saw Victorinox made multitools and they had really good ratings.  As soon as I saw the Swiss Army brand I was sold.  If you're looking for a solidly built multi tool this is a great choice.  I like how all the tools lock into place and I think the pliers are a good size and shape to handle a variety of uses.
Out of the box you will be impressed with this great multitool! Beautifully polished, individual locking tools that don't clump when you open them. That pliers are not needle nose but I like the compromise. The stout but slightly rounded nose is precise enough for most precision jobs but because the metal is of softer material I can understand why they don't included it. The craftsmanship on this tool is top notch and better than any other multitool I ever had. What more can I say, it's a victorinox!
This is a beautifully constructed, solid tool. Being so it is on the heavy side. The only faults that I find with it are: the phillips head screwdriver blade is hard to remove and there are three slot head screwdriver blades. In this day and age it is rare to find a slot headed screw and rarer still to need three different blades. On the other hand, the one phillips headed screw driver is of an in-between size (size 1?), a larger or smaller one would be more useful. I have found that it works fairly well with larger Phillips head screws.The locking mechanism for the blades is positive and easy to remove.I agree that the snap closure on the holster is inadequate.If the combination that includes three flat screw driver blades works for you then this tool is nearly perfect.
In my opinion, this is the best multi-tool that can be had.I did a lot of shopping around for a larger multi-tool.If you just get out there and simply handle them, you willfeel the superiority of quality in this tool.Every tool is solid and useful, every tool has a nice crispsnap.  Its a little heavy....but its a larger mult-tool andso is pretty much on par with its competitors as far as weight.I think the price tag is acceptable, as this thing will last youa lifetime.I know there are a lot of leatherman fans out there that will tell youleatherman is the only way to go and is American made!Thats all nice and good....but I would advise you just get out there andplay with a few of these...like I said, you will feel the quality of the swiss-toolover the leatherman.  I like buying American products too....but when it comesdown to it, I'm going with quality.
This one has all the tools I was looking for - sturdy pliers, scissors, sharp plain edge blade, file, saw, and the all-important awl which seems to be a hard to find feature these days. I own several Leathermans, and I can't stand how their tools clump together and are difficult to deploy. The Swisstool has no such problems. Every tool is easy to deploy individually, and locks in place. Also important is that the tools can be deployed without having to open the pliers. The product has good fit and finish, is reasonably comfortable to hold, and has no sharp edges poking my hand where they shouldn't. The included holster holds the tool securely, I didn't observe the problem of it opening too easily as mentioned elsewhere.
I owe Wave and Vic.X tool as I found them to be the best of the best on the market among multitools. Recently I bought Leatherman TTi Charge(the most expensive one) and pliers broke with first hard squeeze... that was unacceptable for me and I returned it. I owe first Wave and X tool for 4 years now and will say that for more delicate job you probably would want Leatherman Wave but for the tough job (any job)- X tool is 100% the leader. Just look ahead of time and decide where, and how, you will most likely use your "knives". The best future for me over Wave is quality of steel. I didn't see anything of the same or better steel quality in other knives yet. The best description I found from Aj Viljoen here: [...] Good Luck !
After a traumatic experience with my old knife (also Swiss Army) that involved an impossible to open wine bottle, I was in need of a new knife.  I searched and searched with the following requirements.  It had to have both a small and large blade.  It needed a phillips and flat screwdriver.  It also needed the punch, toothpick, and tweezers.  I found what I needed in the tinker.  Its two blades wide, and the length in the description is accurate, no extra bulges in my pocket.  I can easily say that i use it 4-5 times a day.
This knife has lasted me over 4 years already ,but anyways there is one bad thing about this knife, it can easily get scratched if dropped, which is a problem i have encountered many times. but the cool thing is that if you drop it in a pond or a lake, it will not rust at all, it is a very good knife and have only lost the toothpick and the tweezers,and this knife is almost indestructible. i could try and smash it with a hammer and it would be perfectly fine. but do not attempt to smash it or it could leave a dent on the steel. also, all Victorinox knives are made in Switzerland.BOTTOM LINE:best knife ever!!!
Got this SAK for my brother for Christmas. It had everything that he wanted without some of the extras that can end up making it too bulky for carrying daily. Personally, I don't consider the absence of scissors to be a real loss since it is a knife and comes with a pretty sharp blade (two sharp blades actually), but that's just me. Although a locking blade is always preferred, all the implements in the SAK "lock"/snap into place pretty firmly and don't pose as much of a hazard as other non-locking blades. Like any Victorinox, the quality of materials is high and the expectance of performance is commensurate. It really is a classic knife.
I have owned several Swiss Army knives including the Hunter, Champion, Climber and this small Tinker. I find out of all of them that I carry and use the Tinker the most because of its size and tools. While the other might have more "tools", I don't really use any of them and really just need a larger blade, bottle opener, philips and flathead screw driver. The large blade I can cut apples or really anything since the size is great. Some people think they need a pair of scissors but the blade is sharp enough on the smaller blade that I just use that to cut paper. The size is great too since its thinner without what I would call unnecessary tools so it easily slips into your pocket or briefcase. Personally I like this Swiss Army knife the best.
I've found the Tinker series pocketknives to be some of the best day to day knives available.  First, its the perfect size to hide in your pocket comfortably.  Secondly, it has the essential tools needed:  phillips screwdriver, flathead screwdriver, can and bottle openers, tweezers, and toothpick.  The long blade and short blade are both useful and just the right size.  The knife is high quality Swiss made and at a reasonable price.  The small Tinker measures 3 1/4" and the regular Tinker is 3 1/2".  Although 1/4" doesn't seem like a big difference, you can tell when its in your pocket.  Both are great knives though.  You can't go wrong with any of the Tinker knives.
I have a whole mess of knives. This is probably the cheapest knife I own and still use on a regular basis. I'm particular to higher end Spydercos but wanted something with more versatility that I could beat up and not worry about. All of the tools on the Tinker are well made with very even and smooth metal finishings. The knife came well oiled and in great condition. After a couple months of use the red scales have taken a bit of a beating and are very scratched. This doesn't bother me, though, as it's only noticeable when the knife is held at a certain angle.The size of the Tinker works very well for EDC. It's unobtrusive in my pocket but large enough to get a good grip on. One thing I absolutely love is that the flat-head screwdriver locks into a ninety degree position, making the turning of screws very easy and natural feeling. I'd definitely buy another SAK Tinker.
I have used just about every tool on this knife.  The can opener really works.  It is handy to have two knife blades.  One can be kept extra sharp for cutting paper, as in cutting articles from magazines and such.  The other can be used for more ordinary and varied jobs.  The Phillips screwdriver is a little cumbersome because you are restricted to a 90 degree angle to the handle for its use.  This makes it difficult to use when tightening the mounting screws on a door's lockset.  I also ground away the square corner so the Phillips screwdriver would fit into round holes.  I did square off the small screwdriver blade at the end of the can opener so it grabs better.  The wire stripper is of questionable value.  The metal Swiss Army Knife emblem came off of my knife after a while.  The stainless steel blades hold an edge very well.  I have had mine for 30 years.
Been looking around for a useful little knife with a couple of cutting blades, a flat head and Phillips screwdriver, and a can opener in a pocket-friendly form factor that I can carry at work and everywhere else, one that if I drag it out and deploy a cutting edge to open a box or package or something, people won't run screaming into the streets. This one fits the bill on every count. I already used it to open a small package in front of another employee and she didn't freak or anything! The can opener and awl blade add some versatility to the Tinker's resume as a fixer of stuff in the field, beside a creek, or if I hole up in a developed campground where a laser-guided Wundermesser isn't really called for. It's enough knife for the discreet everyday chores it's meant to handle, and it's thin and unobtrusive riding in the coin/watch pocket of my denim jeans. Life is good.
About ten years ago friends got me one of these for a birthday present and since then I have become dependent on one. I am a millwright by trade and a tinkerer by heart. This is the handiest tool to keep in ones pocket. Forget Leathermen or the like. This tool takes very little space for what it can do.The cutting blades hold and edge as good as any knife,better than Buck. I lost my original last week :(. I cut some rope at a lumberyard to bind a load in my truck and must have left it on the bumper. When I could not find it I immediately came here and ordered another.This thing is hard to beat.
I got this for my father-in-law for Christmas. The knife is a smidge bigger than what I would have liked, however, it does have all the basic tools I would want in a Swiss Army Knife. After reviewing multiple knives I don't think there is another that has this convenient a set of tools. There are others with more bells and whistles, but I wouldn't want to have anything bigger for daily carry. If you are willing to sacrifice some tools there are smaller knives, but then you find yourself missing things when you need them. This knife is a good balance in the middle. Quality is what you would expect from a Swiss Army Knife.
This is a great design for EDC in polite company, when you don't want to pull out a red knife!  It is amazing that a 125 year old company is still coming up with something new and really in tune with the times.A little thinner than my usual Explorer, with everything important, lacking only the magnifying glass and Phillips screwdriver.I always have to say that Victorinox is definitely THE brand of Quality for SAK's.  Their factory-original blades last longer than Wenger, and much longer than ****ty Chinese knock-offs, most of which are nearly impossible to resharpen.
The blades are really, really sharp, compared to the (at least) 20-year-old well-worn Wenger this replaced when the Wenger was lost somewhere. This one has a few more tricks, so it's a bit fatter. Not sure I needed them, but there they are. I like having a knife and a corkscrew around. The screwdriver blades are rarely useful, the scissor a bit more useful once-in-a-while. The hook? Oy. I do like the hole punch-reamer belt-hole maker thing. There's a toothpick I'll lose, also the pretty much useless tweezers. Take the cost of these things, spread it out over however many years they last... good deal.
I can not say enough about the quality of Victorinox knifes.  Owned Spartan since November of 1978.They have never disappointed me except once when I drop my Explorer and the scale cracked.They would no longer send you a replacement scale you had to mail the knife in.I had a similar problem in 1988 and they just mailed me the scale and a new spring for my mini-scissors after we talked on the phone.If you need a tougher knife just get the Silver Alox type, limited styles no toothpick or tweezers but they are great.
This is a really nice pocket knife, hurry and get one before you come down with scurvy!The next time I buy some oranges I'm going to try out this orange peeler blade.The file is nice and the scissors are noticeably better than on the 58mm (smallest) SAKs, and those scissors aren't even all that bad.I think that this may be one of the best compromises in size vs utility - it is very easy to pocket but comes with some nice tools.It is also not a bad choice to pair with a SAK or multi-tool that doesn't come with scissors.
The Executive is perfect. I've owned one since spring of 2006 and it has never let me down since. I lost it once but my dog found it for me. I think the size of this knife is perfect, it is not as small as they come nor as big as they come. It is still big enough for heavy use however. This knife is a better option than the big Victorinox knife.I used to think that the tweezers, toothpick, orange-peeler, and nail file were pretty much useless, but they really arn't. I can't go a day now without all these tools! These knives will last forever...I promise....but they will scratch and so on. But who cares ya'll! This is the perfect knife and gift for anyone who loves good ol' fashioned quality.Buy this knife!!!!
My daughter said "the grip wasn't the best, and it didn't bounce as well as other balls she has had in the past". She is only ten years old but she loves basketball and the ball was for her so I thought you should hear her point of view. The ball has been serviceable and is very good for the price.  I must also say that it has taken a beating with all my children and the neighbors children as well giving it a torture treatment every day , yet it still bounces and it still is in one piece.
I took this on it's first trip this weekend. We hiked to a isolated lake inside of an island in Michigan. This was about a 5 mile hike. The boat is pretty lightweight, I had no issue rolling and strapping it to my backpack. The pump took a good amount of time to get the raft nice and inflated, but it held air for the remainder of the trip.I fished out of the raft for 4 days. I constantly had hooks rubbing against the rubber and never once did it puncture. I was pretty rough against the paddle-holders and they held up nicely. The boat moved through the water rather well for an inflatable raft, no complaints there.This is good for one grown adult and maybe a child. This fit myself and my fishing gear pretty comfortably. We used the explorer 300 for two adults, and that worked well.
This little boat was a good price and came with the oars (they are expensive if you purchase alone).  I got this boat and the oars for only $4-5 more than just the oars, so we were happy, we now have two little boats (and yes, one set of oars).  Great for a pool or paddling around in water close to shore.  I wouldn't send it out in the water too far - no idea how it would hold up, but we've had ours for a year and it's still holding original air, so that boasts well for the quality.
This thing is amazing! I go on river floats basically every other weekend in the summer and this is used as the beer barge where we keep our shoes, coolers, keys etc. Not only does it admirably hold all the weight loaded into it, it has so far remained completely damaged even though people repeatedly throw crushed beer cans and bottle caps in it. I've only used it a couple times as a person floater but it had ample space for me (6'2&#34; -185lbs) and I didn't feel like it was going to sink. I've also not used the oars yet. If I were going to make this purchase again, I probably would look at getting something that could hold two people for me and a friend to go play around in the creeks etc but I'm not sure that they make anything as cheap as I want that does all that. I highly recommend this boat and the full Intex line to anyone looking for river float craft.
This boat is for pool use only.  It did not hold up during a 4 hour, 4 mile kayak trip with minimal rapids.Early in the trip the boat rubbed on some rocks underwater and the floor of the boat was punctured and started taking on water.  By the end of the trip the boat got caught on a rock while I was towing it and it ripped the plastic ring off the front where you can tie a rope.It deflated almost instantly and sank our stereo with my mp3 player before we got a chance to save our stuff.So I can say first hand this boat isn't durable enough to be anything other than a pool toy.  However, if you played too rough with it then you could probably tear it up in the pool too.
Arrived fast. I blew it up to check for holes since we don't plan on using it until this summer. The oars were fairly easy to assemble. The pump is cheap and fell apart easily but we have a nicer one that we use anyway. The kids loved playing in the boat once it was blown up (even if only in the living room). I can't wait to take this to the lake this summer. It's going to be a huge hit with the kids. Deflated easily for storage.
I bought this boat for my grandson to use at the beach. The ocean was rough, but my granddaughter and two of her cousins rode in the boat at the same time and had an absolute blast riding breakers in to the beach. The bottom inflates separately, so don't forget to inflate it as well. The only thing I really did not like is the inflation valve. It is one of those valves that comes on any cheap float or tube you buy at the beach. The Intex River Run tube I bought for my granddaughter had a heavy duty inflation valve that you could unscrew and it would deflate instantly. The valve on this boat (also an Intex product) you must squeeze together to let air out and it took a long, long time to deflate. If this boat had the same valve that comes on the River Rub tube I would give it 5 stars.
The Good:  I have been using this soap for years.  From camping to my shower, I love its simple and cleansing feeling.  There is no oily residue after you wash it off, and the peppermint really lets you know you are clean with that zing it packs.  I have fairly oily skin and usual body soaps never really left me feeling like I had cleaned my pores and stripped away all the grime.  This soap does just that.  Finally, when using a lufa, this soap suds of tremendously.The Bad:  There really is nothing bad to say about this soap.  Some might consider it on the expensive side, but you wash yourself every single day, sometimes twice a day, so why not spend a little more to get a really great soap?
It didn't clean my hands, which weren't very dirty in the first place and it ruined my hair.Maybe it's just me, but I tried one *drop* for washing my hair. Even pre-mixed it with warm water. No amount of rinsing could get it out of my hair. It left my hair all greasy/oily. My hair was cleaner before I put this horrid stuff in it!Had to re-wash a FEW times with regular shampoo to get it all out.Now I don't dare use it on anything else. It's awful. Sitting on a shelf collecting dust.
The smell is amazing. It smells just like you have squeezed some oranges and lemons. It doesn't have that bad fake citrus scent. In that regard this soap is excellent. When I use the soap it doesn't dry out my skin like so many other soaps and for this I am grateful since I have to wash my hands several times a day. I have one word of caution though this soap is thinner than most soaps I have used so you must be careful when you are using it so that you dont use too much. But once you realize this it is not a problem.
I made my first batch of diy laundry detergent this morning.  I used one cup of sodium carbonate (aka soda ash) along with one cup of borax powder then I grated a bar of fels-Naptha soap.  I combined all of these ingredients into a giant pot of "near" boiling water (5 quarts). Here is where I added 2 ounces of Dr. Bonner's Magic Soap Peppermint.  I just let it all melt with the burner turned off.  I only had to stir it a few times until it was all blended.I have also used this peppermint soap for shaving, showering and shampooing.  I do not have sensitive skin.  I like to wash my hands with it as well.  It only takes about one or two drops to wash my hands.A little bit goes a long way.I took a little bottle to work with me so I could use it all day.You will like it too.
All natural, does not polute, no chemicals on your skin, all natural. So natural you can brush your teeth with it! It has been a favorite of us backpackers for years and only a few drops will usally do the job. I have tried the Almond, Citrus, Eucalyptus,Tea Tree, and Peppermint. My favorite is the Peppermint which leaves you tingling and smells great, and taste's allot better than the others for brushing your teeth. If used right a bottle will last a very, very, long time. You can also wash clothes, dishes, whatever, with it. There are several stories about it and its creator on the web. A peculiar history for a great product, that is still made by the same family operation.I started by just using it for backpacking and now get it to use at home too.
As a shampoo it's great, although my hair feels rubbery during the first lather after the second and a towel dry it feels really soft. If you have to shampoo regularly, every other day should be fine with this stuff.As a body wash it's great, the tingle is really noticeable...especially if you leave the lather in between your legs for too long it can get uncomfortably tingly so unless that's your thing, beware.It lasts a LOOOONG time. It's called magic because of how easily the oil lathers up, half a palm full should be enough to wash your hair and body easily.The smell is pretty strong compared to the others but I'm pretty sure it depends on the batch, the bottle I'm using now isn't overpowering but a lot of people have gotten bottles with too much peppermint
I bought this for its natural ingredients. Product smells great-leaves me cheerful when i shower in the early AM. I used it to clean all of my makeup brushes and it worked great. People say one should use baby shampoo since it is the most sensitive, however, they are mistaken since most mainstream products contain harmful agents such as parabens and phalates. (YES EVEN BABY SHAMPOO!) Dr. Bronner's Soaps do not, hence the reason to use it instead. Plus it has multiple purposes; who can beat that?! I wouldn't recommend it as a shampoo unless you dilute it and have semi greasy hair. I have combination and it dried mine out a bit.
I use this soap to wash my face, and I have also used it to wash my hair.  What I like about this soap, is that it also clears my sinuses in the shower, which is an added bonus, as I always have sinus issues during allergy season.  The soap does feel a bit drying on the skin initially, but it doesn't feel squeaky clean like it does with sulphate soaps.  I think I'm probably using way too much, as a tiny bit goes a very long way.  I really like this soap, and it will certainly be a staple in my house for a long time, given the incredible sinus clearing added bonus.  I used to use a neti pot, but I stopped using it because I read about the brain eating amoeba that can be found in our water supply, and it freaked me out.  I don't need a neti pot anymore; score!
Dr. Bronner's soap is truly the best: it's all-natural, mainly organic, all vegan, handmade, and comes from an ethical* company. Although it might seem pricy for the amount of soap you get, remember that's its highly condensed, so a little goes a long way. It's a wonderful sensation of plant blends and I love the clean crisp fragrance of citrus. I mix this with essential oils to make a shampoo/soap that works best for my skin and hair type. It's amazing what ailments plant-derived materials can relieve!*The company uses Fair Trade ingredients and caps the highest-paid employee's pay at seven times that of the lowest-paid employee.
I bought a 32oz peppermint one based on Backpacker Magazine's recommendation.  The 4oz bottle in REI sold for close to $5 therefore the 32oz here for $15 is a super bargain!.I chose peppermint so that I can use it as face/body/laundry/dish liquid and tooth brushing.  A tiny little bit is MORE THAN ENOUGH to wash the face and neck.  For you superlight backpackers, this is a must have for the functionality, weight to use ratio, and biodegradability.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
So, my hubby and sons use it for body and hair and it sure does the job well!  Great for a feel-fresh anytime feeling of cool, this rinses away clean and the refreshing smell is invigorating, but dissipates quickly enough that it isn't overwhelming.  The guys have buzz cuts, so it is perfect for hair and body and we dilute it for use in foaming hand-soap dispensers as well.  I wouldn't recommend it for longer hair, as I believe something more buffered with conditioners would be better suited.  All in all, it is great for multi-uses, goes a long way diluted, and washes away clean.  Even my ultra sensitive skin responds well . . . A great value on Amazon - you can save LOTS OF $$$$ using this product.
People complain about the lavender smell.  Yes it is STRONG when you smell right from the bottle.  Actually using it as a soap/shampoo it leaves a very faint smell.  You just have a nice clean smell with a hint of the lavender.  I have used Dove body wash for years and this is a much better product.  It doesn't have the lotion that products like Dove contain, but it has a really nice, clean, refreshing feel and smell that is hard to beat.  No lotion-like residue like the Dove... but still the skin is pretty moisturized.It doesn't foam up quite as much as most commercial soaps, but you actually use about the same, or less, of this product to get the same level of cleanliness.  Plus being fair trade, environmentally friendly, and having an ingredient list that is actually comprehensible is a huge plus.I will never go back to Dove... and will stick with this unless I end up finding something superior.
This is good stuff, smells strongly of Peppermint, even when diluted. If you are good with that you will love this stuff for cleaning your body, countertops, etc. Be advised that if using this to clean your body a little bit goes a long way. If you are at all sensitive you may want to use the Baby mild or perhaps the Almond formula as this soap leaves your skin literally tingling. I feel cleaner and more refreshed when using this soap on my body than any bar soap I have ever used. Good stuff.
I honestly have known about this soap my whole life and have never tried it. Such a shame that I waited to try it! I am using it for my laundry because every other soap for laundry leaves a residue and I can't tolerate all the perfumes in most detergent! I like that there is a light fragrance for laundry but still you can smell the cotton, denim or whatever else you wash! Great for delicates  too! I tried using in the shower and it was awesome there too! Rinses off your body leaving you feeling clean. I used it to wash my hair and I must say, I wouldn't use it all the time for that. The occasional hair washing to get our all of the &#34;hair product&#34; residue maybe, but I'm concerned it would leave my hair dry because it cleanses so thoroughly! Recommended 100% for almost anything else though!
Greatest soap ever! I love how clean it makes me feel and the tingles I get from the peppermint! It is very refreshing! If you ever read the label on the outside there is a lot of crazy stuff on there like different ways to use the soap even using it as toothpaste.Pretty crazy.We love this soap though!Seriously the best soap!Try this soap if you have not already. That alone will convince you how awesome it is.BTW IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE PRICE! You only need a small amount of the product so it does last a very long time.
I was introduced to Dr. Bronner's organic peppermint soap by a very health conscious girlfriend in California, way back in 1979, and I've been a loyal fan ever since. The tingly peppermint feeling I get when showering with this stuff is like no other soap product I've ever used. Just put a couple of squirts on a facecloth for a ton of super-rich lather that serves as both shampoo and body wash. Very refreshing. I ALWAYS keep a couple of big bottles in reserve. I never want want to run out of Dr.Bronner's excellent product.
I love the smell of this.  It is the srongest that I have smelled and makes a rich later.  It is rather pricey so I recylce my lather pumping hand soap bottles and use this in it.  Basically fill the empty foaming soap bottle 2/3 full of water and fill up the rest of the way with Dr. Bronner's (leave about an inch so there is room for the pump).  Close it up tight and shake.  You will still get the same great scent but the bottle will last so much longer.
Dr. Bronner's products are very very good.  I use this particular Castile - Tea Tree product in the shower.  A little goes a long way.  The main thing is that it really does work!  It will really clear up what ails ya!  I use it as a shampoo too!  My scalp has never felt better.  Just understand that natural products such as this do not have chemicals to make them suds up a huge amount.  If a soap product such as this suds up heavily... then it probably isn't good for you at all...  This one will suds up a little... and it cleans very very well.  If you have dry skin, ring worm or fungus type skin issues, this will really help it.  Meanwhile, using it daily keeps most of that stuff at bay.
First, let me tell you that I have not yet ordered the larger size bottle from Amazon, but sure will! I wanted to try it first by getting the smallest bottle from Kroger to see how I liked it.I started by filling up my hand soap dispensers and then showering with it and I really like it! My skin feels so light and clean and not dry at all.I have not shampooed with it (a little scared to although I don't know why?); nor have I cleaned with it yet. For cleaning, I only use a vinegar/water spray and I'm happy with that.The peppermint is invigorating and fun but a friend of mine tells me I might like some of the other fragrances better. I would love to try them all!Once I have tried other things, I might update my review to 5 stars but didn't think it was quite honest or fair to do so yet.You'll be glad you made the switch!
This is my first time going Organic and I was nervious. I used to use shampoos and conditioners that had ingredients unkown to me (SLS) and (SLES). I needed a shampoo and body wash that did not contain either ingredient. I bousght this product because it does not contain neither (SLS) and/or (SLES). This soap works very very very well with my hair. I do not even need an after shampoo conditioner. For me, this soap does both. It cleanses both the hair and scalp; and it conditions it. After letting my hair air dry, I can lightly brush it out with no problems. I like using the soap as a body wash, because of acne issues. I have seen less breakouts and my skin does not feel stripped. Very good product. However, the product arrived one day late; and I was not too happy with that. I hope in the future it will arrive on time. Thank you!
Bronner's doesn't have tooth-coating ingredients found in even 'healthy'  commercial toothpastes. But you say you -want- those? Actually cleaning teeth instead of supposedly protecting them allows your natural processes to rebuild enamel. There is still so much not known about all of the weird ingrediants in just about every other product. Perhaps the strange new feeling isn't 'nice'? You'll get used to it, and learn to love it. I use peppermint, as toothsoap and mouthwash,  and have found that it gives me a clean feeling no other product does. Perhaps what others find undesireable about Dr Bronner's is exactly what they really need.  I believe that it may be able to stop a cold before it starts, cleaning out germs and mucus in the mouth and throat in early stages of a possible cold. Some  interpret this as an uncomfortable sensation,  (it involves quite bit of spitting afterwards if the mucus is there). I've found no other product cleans as well clean
I've been using Dr. Bronner's for many decades. It's my favorite camping soap, but is a refreshing wash-up anywhere. I use it to freshen water bottles too. It gets rid of that funny plastic taste and smell. Larger quantities are cheaper than the smaller bottles you might find at your local mountainously overpriced sports stores. I gave it four stars because I do prefer the original formula that was stronger and left a size-able tingle on your skin, but even toned down it's a great soap. I'll continue to buy it.
Dr. Bronner's Rose Castile Soap is really great stuff - while we haven't used it on our laundry for house cleaning purposes, we have used it for all sorts of personal care cleaning purposes, including to use to wash our hair, faces, and bodies.  I'm not a huge fan of using this soap as a shampoo, as it's difficult to find a good conditioner to match it's rosy scent, however, it's really nice to use as a face and body wash.  As a shampoo, it tends to dry out my hair a little too much, also.  As a face and body wash, I haven't noticed any effects of drying out my skin, and the scent is not strong enough to overpower, but strong enough so that when I get out of the shower that I am lightly rose scented.  The scent is not chemically or super girly smelling - my husband even likes using this soap!  Highly recommended.
The soap smells nice, lathers up easily and leaves me feeling clean and refreshed. I am a firefighter and after being exposed to smoke from burning plastics etc the smell stays with you for a day or two. I use this soap and it seems to get rid of that nasty smokey feeling after the first shower. I have it in my locker at work and in my shower at home. I will probably never buy any other soap at this point. I like the tip from others about using a foaming dispenser...will try that for sure.I dinged it one star due to the preachy label. I peeled the label off as soon as I got it since it only has a few lines about the actual product and ingredients, all the rest is like scripture. If religion is your thing, good for you, but I don't need it in my face and I don't need a religious message on the stuff that I am paying for.
I became a big fan of body wash when I realized how much more efficiently I can get through a shower.  I then decided I wanted to get something that was less perfume filled and would keep from feeling like I just bathed in my deodorant. Dr. Bronner's was an excellent choice, it doesn't dry my skin, it rinses clean and it's supposed to break down better, meaning it's better for the environment.  I also can get about 6 months out of the 32oz container, a little goes a very, very long way.
This soap made me realize how much I like soap lather.  I never felt clean using this because it doesn't lather.  I would use some with a loofa, and I'd have to add more 2-3 a shower session.  I was going through way more of this than I would regular body wash!  I'm sure it was cleaning just fine, but I have oily skin and need the &#34;reassurance&#34; soap lather provides.Basically, if you have OCD like me you may want to avoid this soap.
If you're like me you're reading these reviews to see whether or not you should buy the product. Buy it. I bought the 16oz bottle and it is worth your money. IT LASTS FOREVER. For $10 you get a really nice body wash that, if you don't like it, you can use on your dishes. There is no risk here. I bought the Tea Tree and I really like it as a body wash, though I can't attest to its other uses. I will say though, don't get the rose; i haven't personally tried it, but nobody in the world has given it a good review, here or otherwise.
I was an Dr. Bronner's almond and peppermint junky for the longest time. I've recently been trying the different blends with good results so far. The tea tree oil scent took me a little while to become acclimated to, almost an acquired taste.Fun fact: tea tree oil is a natural antiseptic. Better than scrubbing everything down with the chemicals in antibacterial soap for sure.This isn't my favorite scent, but what can I say? I love Dr. Bronner's. For a grade I give it an A.
I discovered Dr. Bronner's soap pin my local food co-op when I was a student- more years ago than I care to admit. I can only echo what others say: It's the perfect all around hand soap, bath soap and dish soap. I buy it in gallon jugs, attach a pump (available at any good hardware store) and transfer it into quart containers for the bath, pint containers for travel, and hand dispensers for the bathroom and kitchen sink. A gallon lasts close to a year in my household- just remember, as the Doctor says: Dilute! Dilute! Dilute! ;-)
Perfect soap for me. It doesn't dry out my skin, its hypoallergenic, it is biodegradable so I can use it while backpacking, it has tons of freaky pseudo-cult stuff written all over it for shower time reading, what more could you want? No weird fragrances means that it is basically just castile soap mixed with peppermint oil. The peppermint oil can be a bit jarring on really cold winter mornings, but it is completely amazing after working out. When you are trying to cool down after a workout, the peppermint oil is so, so nice.Recommend for anyone who likes simple refreshing soap?
Our family loves all of the different scents of Dr. Bronner's soaps. They are truly an old fashioned type clean with no chemicals, that leaves skin feeling "squeaky" clean.My only word of advice with this product is to not use it on baby's head. It gave my child cradle cap when she was little, and it took me a while to figure out why her scalp was so dry. When we quit using this on her head, the dry scalp went away. So this product can be a little drying if used on the head. Otherwise, these soaps are fantastic, and I highly recommend them!
My kids tend to be sensitive to ALL shampoos, soaps, laundry detergents.  No matter how "Natural" of a product I find, someone gets a minor rash.  Also, my daughter has thick naturally curly hair, and I don't want to use harsh chemicals on her hair, but she doesn't need tangles!  THIS IS AMAZING.  No rash and makes her hair so soft!  Takes the tangles right out!  Plus it's great that it can be a body wash too.  Love the all in one option with kids.  I absolutely recommend this to parents for their kids.  Four years of searching and two kids- this is the one!
I bought my original liter of Dr. Bronner's from Trader Joes about a year ago and have never looked back. This stuff is fantastic! When I was buying it, the guy who ran my order said, "I love this, got me to start taking shower's again." There are tons of uses for the ultra-concentrated soap. I mainly use it as a body wash and handwash (diluted, of course). My fiancee has a chronic lung disease, and he says the sweet peppermint scent effectively eases the tension in his lungs. Dr. Bronner's is best when traveling. I fill up a 3oz container (about 1/2 water) and use it to wash my hair, body, and clothes. I have yet to use it as a toothpaste, but I heard it leaves a slight aftertaste. Great product!
Love this product, it always works as advertised. I bought a 32oz bottle on October 31st, it is now December 31st and I have used maybe half an inch of this soap. The upfront cost is expensive, but this stuff is very cost effective since a 32oz bottle will probably last me 1.5-2 years. I bought a 4oz one for travel (they didn't have the smaller one in stock) and I imagine it will work for many years to come. One problem is that I dropped my 32oz bottle while in the shower and it broke the top part of the cap off.
I love this soap.  I have used it to wash the dog because it doesn't have a bunch of chemical junk in it (and he liked it).  I use it to wash my hair.  I use it as a body wash.  I am sure it could be used for other things, but those are my three main uses, and I love it for those.I enjoy the minty feeling all over, however, if you are using it below the waist, you should use it lightly and be prepared to rinse it immedietly in case the minty feeling starts to become too much.  I have never had any problems other than feeling like a big peppermint but others may react differently.One thing you should be mindful of is that this stuff could gradually slow rate of water drainage in the drains of the bathroom--it gradually builds up a little, even inside the bottle itself.  It is easily remedied with a home made or commercial drain unclogger.
Been using this for years. A little goes a long way, and it gets you clean and minty. Makes your eyelids and, um, some other parts, tingle like mad, to the point of being nearly annoying, but it is a transient sensation. Don't get this stuff in your eyes while wearing contacts, burns like hell. But that is true of many soaps.  I use this stuff for both soap and shampoo, it is gentle enough for that, at least for a (non-metro) guy.
I grew up with Dr. Bronner's Soap. Dr. Bronner's doesn't advertise, they don't need to. Not with the word of mouth they get from an growing number of fans and almost all of them will tell you, this is the good stuff.The label is fantastic of course. The soap is very refreshing. Unlike other reviewers I don't recommend it for shampoo though. I have hip length very straight hair and Dr. Bronner's makes my hair look dirty unless I follow it up with a vinegar rinse, and cold vinegar on a peppermint-y head while being very bracing isn't my favorite way to wake up.Other than that though, I've used this for laundry and for washing myself with and love the tingle.My husband was an Irish Spring user until I got him to try this. He exfoliates with a scrubbie and Dr. Bronner's and tingly clean has become his standard for clean. The scent is fantastic if you like peppermint.
I think this is the best soap I've ever used. Ever. I have never felt cleaner. I watched a documentary about this product and the family history and had to try it. I am glad I did. Honestly, the label creeps me out a little bit, but at the same time I find it kinda fascinating. This stuff can be used as shampoo, body wash, laudry detergent...and plenty of other things. The fact that it is totally organic is just another awesome bonus. Try it.
I'd like to preface this review with a few important points. As stated in the title, I hate hippies. I do not support Dr. Bronner's pothead activism. I also don't buy into all that vegan, organic, or sustainable garbage. And the grammatically incorrect "inspirational" phrases printed all over the label of this product make me cringe in disgust.All that being said, this liquid peppermint soap is AWESOME. It is intensely refreshing and I can't believe how squeaky-clean it leaves my skin. So while I don't endorse the brand, the man behind it, or their target consumer group, I highly recommend this soap. Shower with it and it'll leave you with a WOW feeling of crisp, tingly refreshment.
After discovering the possible dangers of traditional soap and shampoo, I was recommended Dr. Bronners by a co-worker. I received it without realizing you can basically use it for anything, not just shampoo and soap. I've used Dr. Bronners for shower soap and shampoo, for washing my hands, for shaving, and for even cleaning a sink. Rumor has it you can even use it for mouth wash and/or brushing your teeth. I am not 100% sure if that's true, but it is a rumor. Try at your own risk.The smell of Dr. Bonners is great and even though it's expensive for a small amount, it &#34;lathers&#34; really well. You only need a dab of this stuff to clean a wide area of whatever you are cleaning. It doesn't leave your hair/skin dry like traditional soap and shampoo can sometimes do. It makes you smell great for a while after using it. Highly recommended to traditional soap and/or shampoo.
I've been using it for about 2 months and it works great, i love it for my hair, I have Thick Curly hair, my hair feels clean and i really enjoy the Tea Tree smell, I've used this soap to wash various types of vegetables, I've washed raw chicken with Dr. Bronner's Magic Pure-Castile Soap, i just let the produce or poultry soak for 3-5 minutes in a clean sink filled with water and a few squirts of Dr. Bronner's soap, pat dry and the Tea Tree smell will go away when its dry, over all fantastic soap i will be buying lots more! and Recommending to people i know  , and i also recommend getting a shower filter so u can get the full benefit from this Organic Soap!
This is an excellent organic soap product.  Well worth the money.  Used for hand washing, I find that even a tiny amount leads to lots of sudsing and good cleaning.  Also leaves the skin feeling soft and smooth.  My wife has found it to be  an excellent grease-cutter in the kitchen, and I have started using it in the place of our traditional Dawn dishwashing detergent for our dishes and pans.  Evenf for greasy pans it doesn't take a large amount, much less than I have to dispense with Dawn.
I have been using nothing but Dr. Bronner's Soaps for about 4 years.  I love how real these things smell.  Also, I can get behind a company that recently supported the bill in California to require all GMO products to be labeled as such.  This 16 oz bottle of soap will last me for months.  I sometimes will even handwash articles of clothing in it.  And the lavender fragrance is authentic.  If you were to take a sprig of lavender and rub it between your palms, the smell would be the same as this soap.This soap does not have any moisturizers though and can leave the skin a bit dry especially if not thoroughly rinsed.  I have not notice much of an issue expect for the times I have washed my face in the sink and not rinsed enough.  My skin felt pretty tight without moisturizing.
This is the only soap I use (with occasional excursions into pine tar soap, for specific uses... See my reviews on pine tar soap)I love the peppermint especially for the tingle and zing you get from using it!I use it as bodywash, shampoo, and to do dishes with.I've never experienced the drying effects when others complain of when using it on my hair either.Don't know if it's due to others not using it right or freak body chemistry on my part. Either way, I am a proud Dr. Bronners user!
I purchased this ball in the 55 cm size (red).  This size seems ideal for my height (just shy of 5'5"), although choice of ball size is also a matter of personal preference.  Unlike my previous ball, which was made of a thin, sticky vinyl, this ball is made of thick durable, smooth plastic.  Furthermore, my previous ball lost air easily (I had to add air to it every time I used it), whereas I have NEVER had to add air to this ball since I purchased it almost two years ago.  It is definitely worth the investment to pay a little more for a ball that is high quality and will never any maintenance, and so I highly recommend this product.
I've used Thera-Band balls at the place where I got physical therapy and I know they are great quality. The issue I had was that the ball I received did not come with an adapter that would allow me to inflate it with a bicycle pump, nor did it come with a plug. So basically it was unusable, as you can't inflate it without a plug to stop the air from exiting once it's inflated. Also, if you don't get an adapter for a bicycle pump, you will need some sort of pump that can fit into the hole of this ball to inflate it.As much as I love the brand, I would recommend a different ball that comes as a kit with a hand pump, plug, etc. I ended up getting a GAIAM ball and have been very pleased.
My 8 yr old son loves his scooter again.  The rear wheel on his original scooter was so worn out from using the brake that it was making a noise every time he used it.  I decided it was time to replace his wheels.These wheels worked great and come with their own bearings (so you do not have to reuse the old bearings).  I believe the bearings are rated ABEC 5 (though I cannot be 100% certain).  ABEC 5 are what are found on most skateboards and scooters in the US.  Some models from China are rated ABEC 3 which are to be avoided.  These wheels roll about the same as the original razor wheels, which is why I'm inclined to believe they are ABEC 5.  Overall, I am very satisfied with these new wheels.
I have 1500 miles on this rack so far, and I load it down pretty heavily with four bikes.  I love this rack, especially for the money.  With this, I feel confident taking our bikes on nearly every road trip we take.  The straps are starting to show some wear, so I try my best to be careful so they'll last as long as possible.  I see getting another 1500 miles before running into trouble.  I use this on a 2000 Toyota Sienna, and it looks like it was made for it.  It's a challenge to get four bikes to fit on there (at first). There is a learning curve, but once you figure out how to arrange the pedals and which direction to face the handle bars, you can load the bikes pretty quickly.  Just experiment until they fit just right. Yes, you'll look out your rear view mirror for the first 20 miles, but worry not.  Those bikes aren't going anywhere.
Since this seems to be a big deal for some people, let me fill you in. I have a Masters of Fine Art. I teach color theory. The topic matters to me more than most. With that in mind, camping gear has yet to be something you can color coordinate. And actually, that's not a big deal. Maybe if you camp in your back yard?When I'm out in the woods, I'm not looking at my site, much less the interior of my tent to see if it's aesthetically pleasing. Seriously? There's nothing sexy about the deuce gear I lugged around in the Marines. However, the fact that I'm still around tells you that it worked pretty dang well.Focus on what matters.
We took a pair of these out camping this past weekend. Two twin air mattresses do not fit in our tent, so I would take my ultra light back thermarest and was too thin.  So I got this and tried it out on our living room floor.  Worked great, so I got my wife one.  Its comfortable and doesnt take up a bunch of room.The downside is the valve makes it tough to use pumps.  You basically have to either jimmy rig your pump or blow it up manually.. also deflating takes longer than most other sleeping pads.
Haven't went camping yet, but have tried it out on the living room floor. The flaw I see in this product is the air valve. You have to squeeze it while inflating or deflating. Makes the two processes more difficult than they need to be. Took 7-10 mins to blow it up, but took just as long or longer to deflate it to pack it away.Air valve aside, it's a good product. I'm 6' 270lbs and the mattress supported me well. Was reasonably comfortable to lay on. Material seems tough enough to hold up to regular use. Overall, good product for the price.EDIT: Just took the thing camping, worked great. Didn't lose any air over night, was comfortable to sleep on. Worth the money.
Got it on sale a month ago! Upon first arrival i thought the valve was blocked but it was actually a pinch and inflate valve. So like some other reviewers i punctured the valve opening a tad more to be able to blow air faster into this thing. So far so good a 4d Battery pump will blow this up fast. But I opt to save the weight and blow this thing up by mouth taking 3-5 breath breaks inbetween. For the price it's a much better alternative and far more rugged then the photos do it justice. Don't waste money on a big agnes or any expensive brand enless you NEED a pad thats 1 pounds or lighter. This will suffice for the extra pound or two it is compared to a minimalist pad. hope this review helps some people and helps you pull the trigger. No problems with loss of air. A truely amazing deal.
I have been so sick of failed air mattresses that deflate or get the mystery holes, and you spend a lot of money on them.  I decided to try these.  I bought three of them, one for myself and my two kids. This is much more comfortable to me as when I shared a mattress with my kids I would be the one squishing it down, as I weigh much more than them, and waking up with my hips on the ground; which really killed my back!  These mattresses can be a pain to air up and deflate, but with the use of a pump both of those processes are much easier.
I purchased 3 of these before a 4 day camping trip in North Idaho. I've always been on the lookout for alternatives to the traditional large blow up air mattresses that most people use while camping, which I have always found uncomfortable, unreliable, and a pain In the ass. These little mattresses worked great. The wife and kids loved them. They slept comfortably for 4 nights. The mattresses did not go flat or lose air. For the price, I would totally recommend these for camping. The only gripe I have is that they take awhile to inflate. Make sure you have a pump, because blowing these up with lung power could be a big chore.If you're thinking about buying this for backpacking, don't bother. They are bulky and heavy when deflated.
Hands down the best air mattress I have ever used! All summer all over the country I have used this thing often relying souly on it to do the job and it performs flawless! I hope they keep the quality up, good to have a few of these things in the house or camping gear. I am 6'2&#34; and about 165 and works perfect. My hip bones don't touch the ground at all and hold nearly all it's air throughout the camping week. It's heavy not for backpacking but that's why I like it. Beach trips, people visiting, car camping, and fitting into small tents. I even accidentally laid this thing out on too of small cactus and barns in the outer banks and it never popped!
I have not had this mattress out yet but did blow it up and take it down to see how long it would take me and how hard it was.It only took a few minutes to blow it up by mouth and a little longer to take it down.  You do have to hold the valve open whendeflating this mat but for me that is not a deal breaker.  I am going on a kayak trip and I wanted something a little more thanjust a thermal rest because I want to have a little extra padding when sleeping on the ground and this seems like it will work for me.
Bought this air mattress for camping out with the kids. Used it a couple times, with several different size people (child to large adult), everyone seemed to find it comfortable.  I like the fabric surface, still want to try it with only a blanket underneath and cover.  I have difficulty lying in one spot, this is an issue for this mattress, as it's not wide enough to roll over, etc.  Overall, I found the mattress a good value.Pros:PriceSurface material (not all vinyl)Length is very good, I'm 5' 10&#34;, plenty of room leftCan handle a heavy person (230 lb) without hitting groundCons:Width - which is obvious from looking at it online
This little guy is one of the best frisbee designs ever. The Superdisc is easily the best frisbee to play catch with your friends, the rubber ring around makes it easy to throw and catch (Well, you have to get used to the extra grip when throwing it, people tend to hold on to it too long and it angles in the direction their arm moves).It holds itself pretty stable in the air as well, you can do long, straight throws with it.And as a bonus, the rubber prevents people from getting seriously hurt when hit (it still hurts though!)
This really is the ultimate frisbee... it has the power/flight capability similar to an Aerobie, but is dead easy to throw. You can even try and throw it wrong and it levels itself out in flight and goes nice and straight.The rubberized grip/edges make it really comfortable to catch/throw and is about 100x better than solid plastic frisbees and a HECK of a lot easier to play around with than a real Aerobie with folks that don't want to have to learn a lot of technique.If you like parks, stop reading this review and just buy one and keep it in your car. It is awesome.
I have used lots of traditional and not-so traditional frisbees and this is the best yet.It is just the right weight and size, flexes nicely during catches and flies very, very far.It also slices through strong winds really well and doesnt seem to "Float" as much as other disks; so goes where you want it.My children, 5 and 7, have finally learned how to throw and catch because this is easier to throw and catching it doesnt hurt their hands.I recommend this product.
I found the Aerobie at our campsite. It have to say, it was a prize! What a wonderful flying disk. I'm not very good a Frisbee, and I never would have bought this, but my daughter and I were throwing it around and it's nearly impossible to throw incorrectly. It will always fly -- sometimes, too far (I don't know my own strength). It makes me want to go to a big park and see just how far it will go. My daughter is seven and she can throw it just as well as I can. Yes, this is much better than a Frisbee -- easy to throw, easy to catch.  I'm bringing this to all my outdoor functions.
I got this disc because the Aerobie Pro is made for big open spaces and I only had limited space to throw. This disc was perfect for the smaller area I had to throw in and is just as fun if not more fun than the Aerobie Pro.The only problem I had was that this disc broke within the first day of throwing from normal recreational use. Maybe there was a defect already in the disc but I was very disappointed with its lifespan.It is still loads of fun and will give it another try eventually.
I have a philosophy about my new commuting experience that can be summed up as visibility trumps cool.  If you are rich or if you are seriously touring at night (I guess folks do that) go drop a couple of hundred on a fancy light.  Essentially, this will do.  The Bell light makes light and flashes.  I am more concerned with people seeing me at dusk or dawn than I am lighting up the road.  It is fairly cheap construction, but it shouldn't take a lot of pounding riding back and forth to work.  The light is inexpensive and it works.  If you are concerned with batteries and the environment, buy a generator light... or at least rechargeable batteries for this one.
Back in 2005 when i bought my 1st Bicycle i also got this light combo(Whereas my front light was gray in hue,unlike the black/gray one you see here)thinking it was a good buy,wrong!This product is as shoddy as most "BEll products" are.The rear light went out first,then the front light shorted out after a minor drop.Later after having my bicycle stolen while using a Bell bike lock i've learned not to trust the viability of "Bell products" ever again.That's why i'm now a "Cateye's" and "Nite Ize" product fan.Learn from my mistake and avoid buying this product at all cost.
This worked well enough for its first weekend camping, but it was definitely getting soft after a couple nights.  I guess I've already got a small leak, somewhere.The valve doesn't quite fit snugly with our Coleman-brand air pump, so it requires at least two hands to inflate (we've got an older quick-bed, its valve fits perfectly).It's so big, it barely fits through the door of our tent.  Somebody else mentioned the "trampoline" effect of an air mattress this big, and it's true:  if one person lifts himself to roll over and then plops back down, then the other "trampolines" into the air.  Only two very sound sleepers can sleep together on this thing.  Maybe we should've gotten two twin-sized airmattresses...And the "Wrap'n'Roll" system is just a gimmick.  Don't pay extra for it.Ben
Bought two for the fam, used once, didn't hold air for more than a few hours then had only about half, which is where it stayed, and that was before ever, ever put any weight on them, in the middle of the day. And yes, I double-checked the plug. Also removed all rocks from the sandy tent pad, used a quality tent tarp underneath a quality tent, as well, though since hadn't put any weight on either of them when they lost the air that shouldn't have mattered anyway.Did I love the carrying bags? Oh yeah. Also loved the nice new (to me) plug system which made blowing it up and sealing quickly while still full of air very easy. Too bad the part that really matters - holding air - was so immensely inadequate. Returned them immediately after returning from camping trip, now have to go find something else after having shopped for this till thought would drop..."thanks" Coleman...arrgghh.
I bought this mattress about 6 weeks ago, to replace an older model of Coleman Queen-Sized air mattress that lasted 2 years, before it started to leak.Within a week, this mattress developed a slow leak - had to pump it up about once a week - I thought, Well, that's not too much trouble, but it certainly doesn't match the quality of the older model.Then, a few days ago, it developed more (or a larger) leak(s) - now, it deflates in about 4 hours - pitiful. Someone said it came with patches - mine didn't.I suggest you buy something else - I am going to - don't know which one yet.Buyer beware - the quality has went spiraling down, faster than the leak *__*
The pump works fine. Filled the bed in about a minute. But if I need another (or a replacement) I'd get one that works on household AC power.  This needs 4 D cells.  Since I expect to use it only occasionally, the batteries might be dead by then.Of course, running on batteries is better during a power outage ... but, come to think of it, I don't need any power to sleep in my bed. (Just to get up, some mornings.)Since I've only used it once, I can't attest to relaibility.
The Coleman 4 D Battery Quick Pump takes 4 D-size batteries which will give you loads of time to blow up a mattress but the darn thing is loud and sounds like the bearings are bad.  Right out of the box this thing sounded like it was going to burn up or seize.  The volume of air expelled is fine for blowing up a bed but I would not recommend that it be used to blow up a raft.  The unit just doesn't have the pressure/power to even do a bicycle tire although it is not intended for that purpose.
Yes D batteries can be expensive, but my name brand batteries seem to last a long time. Plus the ability to take it anywhere is a BIG plus. My pump works just great on the 4 in 1 Coleman mattress. Inflated both in under 2 minutes. Deflation even faster. Remember, sometimes you get a dud, try again. I got lucky and got a great pump at a great price. I have tried those aero type beds, and not for me. Uncomfortable, heavy, must have a plug near by to inflate. I'm spur of the moment, so this travel pump is just perfect! p.s. it's advertised as a 4D pump, so you know before you buy it takes D batteries, so if you don't want the weight by a bike pump!!
Very very powerful. It blows all kinds of air products in just a minute. I cut one star because it is just too much noisy. Maybe in that powerful mode it can't be lower noise. Anyway it is embarrassing if your air mattress leaks during midnight. It will wake up a few friends, let alone your family on the mattress.The battery lasts very long. It brings another side effect of heavier overall weight to other products.But I still recommend this to you. Never buy those 4 x D battery pumps.
I have a Coleman mattress and for years I was trying to get by using the cheapo pumps. They worked, but I had to hold them on my mattress just right, otherwise they would just blow everywhere. This one, on the other hand, fits right into the mattress and inflates in the blink of an eye, hands-free. I would have given it 5 stars if it had a tie or something with which to attach the nozzles to the pump, to avoid losing them. I wound up using one of the twist ties that came in the box, but come on; there has to be a better solution.
This pump is likely fine for Coleman beds, but I bought it for the "fits other brands and items".Sadly,  every airbed manufacturer seems to design their own, custom fill-vent.  The Coleman was a full .5" too small (diameter) to work with my Simmons and wouldn't fit my Aerobed either.The battery is a lead one, and not light.  The quickpump running without a bed attached also seemed to be twice as noisy versus the 120V plug-in charger for the Simmons bed-- very much not quiet.For my purposes, and because of the noise level, Not Recommended.  Coleman bed owners who don't mind the noise may be ok.
Can't say too much besides the fact it's a handy pump. It is slightly bulky compared to other pumps but that's not really a big deal. Part of what you get with a rechargeable battery that is actually decent. I actually bought this almost a year ago now when I went camping with my girlfriend, only charged it that one time. After we got back from camping it has just been sitting on my shelf. I haven't used it since and I just went to check and see if it still has any juice left before I started writing this review. It turned on like I just unplugged it from charging.
I brought a pair of aqua sphere goggles and they work great, they did not fog up like the rest of the goggles do and the seal works great and stay seal so it does not leak. I have brought other pairs of goggles from speedos to tyr and they all leak and fog up even when they say its anti fog and they do not seal well around my face. I aways buy aqua spheres now and no other brands of goggles. they are also easy to ajust. I would highly recamend these goggles to anyone they are great.
We live on the beach in Italy for a good part of the summer each year, and the kids spend all day in the water.  I know for me, nothing can be more frustrating than leaky goggles, so I'm sure it's the same for the kids.  If you have never tried an Aqua Sphere product, adult or kids, you should.  I have never had a leak, never had fogging issues, and they are comfortable for extended wear.  I have had my set of tinted Aqua Sphere goggles for 3 years, and look forward to the same quality for the kids.
I bought two (2) pair of this goggles (clear lens, cherry) nov. 2009 for my 3 and 5 years old daughters, from Amazon, at $16,56 each one.Don't doubt it: &iexcl;SPECTACULAR! goggles.ProThe frame is really flexible and comfortable for kids face.The ample visibility of the curved lens doesn't scare small kids, they don't feel claustrophobic.Watertight fit is GREAT: Just make sure that hair is out of the frame and I can assure that it doesn't leak.Strap is very easy to adjust, nice mechanism.Easy to put on: My daughters could do it alone after a few attempts.ConNot everlasting: After heavy use (3 - 4 times per week in the swimming pool) in hot weather (sun, etc) the frame material showed cracks until water leakage begun. End of the goggles. But they lasted 18 months (less than $1 per month = bargain for me).ok, enjoy. bye.
Out of four or five sets of goggles and masks this was the instant favorite for my 6 year old son.  It's a wide, comfortable, mask-like experience (without a nose cover) that avoids the problem of fit across the bridge of the nose.  I expect they generate more resistence than competitive type goggles, but they're a heck of a lot more comfortable -- I'm looking for an adult-size pair for myself.  The UV protection and smoke lens make solar-sensitive Daddy happy.  Oh, and the kids haven't managed to get the straps out of whack yet, which is a small miracle.
These are hands down the best kids goggles out there as they stay put on little faces.  The large coverage area also seems to give kids more security in the water and also leaves less chances of them falling off.  The material is tacky without being sticky, which is great for holding on to little kids in motion.  The many colors are also nice so that each kid can have their own color.  They aren't indestructible and the lens can scratch so a bit of care is a good idea, but as far as kids goggles go, this is a good investment to make.
This knife is perfect for on your keychain carry. I went to a bbq this weekend and it was used multiple times for three different things. I had to pull it off my keychain because everyone needed a bottle opener for there beer. The scissors were used to open a capri sun that the straw was lost for a kid. And the knife was used to open a present. And when I told people it also has a pen they were shocked! awsome little knife just get it and put it on your keychain.
We have three of these, one for each kid. They have been well used by all three children and have held up well to the use. They fold down to a very slim size that fits well under our seats or in our trunk. We have had them for some time and the children are able to fold them up and open them up without extra help from mom and dad (always a plus).The one negative that I have found is that if you get the lever that is used to lock the scooter open (or closed) at all dirty it will jam and not open or shut very easily. A quick clean will fix this, but it is something to watch for.A small adult can easily use this with no difficulties. If you are a heavier adult or tall, you might want to look for a sturdier scooter meant to hold adults.Well worth the money.Enjoy.
Love the fact this scooter can fold for storage or when taking with us in the trunk of the car.  Though I think the clip you flip to fold this could be easier.  (My ten year old doesn't have the finger strength to push the clip down to fold it).  That's a little disappointing, but Razor's use of quality metal, foam and plastic more than makes up for this little annoyance.If you're in the market for a child's scooter - Razor is the best.
Bought this scooter for my younger nephew in green and he really loves it so far. It's too small for adults like myself, but for kids 4-12 it really does the trick. It rides a little rough on the street, but it's great on freshly paved surfaces and side walks. Do note that the wheels are on the smaller side, so they feel every single bump and road imperfection. Small loose rocks can stop the scooter if driven over at the wrong angle. Definitely make sure you purchase a helmet and pads along with this scooter if you have inexperienced little ones.One issue I did not like about Amazon is the constant price changing they do. When I first added this scooter to my cart, it was priced at $25, then about a hour later, when I was nearing completion of my shopping, the price went up to $30. Be weary, and pay attention to the price listings.
We love these scooters!!  My kids are almost 4 and 5, and we all have one!!  This one was for my husband--my daughter insisted he should have one to ride with us!!  It didn't take any time at all for them to get the hang of riding them!  We bought therex kids theirs when we were at Virginia Beach for a week (3 and 4 at the time.) By the end of the week, they had it down pretty well!  We often take these for short trips instead of dragging the bicycles around!  They are compact, and a lot of fun!  Just wonderful!  I am also not a tiny person--I am 160 pounds, and my husband is 190, so they do a good job standing up to our weight!
Since the Razor originally came out, there have been many other types of scooters competing for our attention: 3-wheel, 4-wheel, and larger wheel scooters -can- fairly be called improvements, but the Razor is still all that most of us need, for  short trips a bit faster than walking. Sure, you can't fit two feet side by side on it, it doesn't have suspension of any kind, and the small wheels get hung up on sidewalk seams, but it gets you where you're going three times as fast, (it really -does- roll smoothly), it's -very- compact, and -very- inexpensive. Unless you plan on spending -many- hours a week on your scooter,(in which case a couple hundred dollars may be a fair expense for the big-wheel advantages), I recommend a Razor .
I needed 3 of these for my boys, and of course they had to have their favourite colour.  These scooters arrived at my Post office in less than a week at a overseas military address.  Scooters were exactly as described.  Adjustable height for the handle bars.  Capable of folding up to a relatively small size for stowage, or travel.  Why the 4 stars as opposed to 5?  This is because the handle bar shaft fits somewhat loosely in the neck of the scooter.  I would expect it to be of a tighter fit. Every Razor scooter I have ever seen or handled demonstrated this looseness in the neck.  Other than that they are great!
My son loves this scooter and I have fun riding it, too. He rides it to the bus stop every morning. Under his 60 pounds it just glides along. It's a bit slower for me, but I have a great time taking it home, anyway. My husband is over the weight limit, so he just folds it up. The folding and unfolding is easy enough for our son to do, tooI will be buying more as the rest of my family - friends kids get to 3-4yrs of age, as the scooters are so durable/adjustable for age and height, that none will be passed down, only worn out over time.and the price is very reasonable with amazon prime!
Bought the pink one for dd so she could have a scooter like her brothers.She gets around on that thing too fast i think lol.What can i say it is a Razor they are the best. We have a few other brands and they are not as easy to close up and store as the Razors are.Great scooter and super way for them to get good exercise and just enjoy being a kid! Too bad i never had one growing up oh wait that is ok because honestly i use theirs sometimes lol!
My 5, but soon to be 6 year old daughter is going through a "princess" phase and everything either has to have princesses on it or be pink.  The "sweet pea" scooter is PINK.  But it is a nice, soft pink.  All of it is pink except for the upper shaft and the rear fender.  It's extremely well constructed - the same quality as the other Razor A Kick Scooters.  I have no complaints about this scooter whatsoever.  And it came totally assembled in the box.  I didn't have to touch a tool.  All I had to do was to pull the handle bars up and click them in place.  Even the pink pom poms were attached. These are top notch scooters and I have bought 3 Razor scooters so far: Two Razor A Kick scooters and one Pro-Model (for me!).So if your girl is into pink or simply loves girlie stuff but also likes to play and ride hard, this scooter will be perfect for her.
For kids who aren't old enough to handle a skateboard, but still want to be out rolling along with the neighborhood kids, this is your answer.  The `Razor A Kick Scooter' is perfect for those 5 and older.  Made of aircraft-grade aluminum, with 4" heavy-duty urethane wheels, adjustable comfortable handlebars, and a patented rear fender brake, this little scooter will make any youngster mobile and happy.  It comes in several colors and folds up into a six-pound storable package.  Scooters are almost an American tradition and kids love the feel of freedom when playing around the neighborhood or playground.
After my neighbor went and got one, my 4 yo begged for one.  I figured it would be good exercise, so I got her one.  It didn't take her long to figure it out.  My son, who is nervous about balancing on two wheels, saw my daughter having so much fun, he tried it out and they both fought over it.  So, I had to go out and buy one the same day.  Okay, I didn't have to, but it's worth it to see my kids want to go out and get some physical activity.The construction is solid.  I had it unfolded and ready to ride in seconds.  The wheels glide smoothly.  I am impressed with the quality.
This is my first scooter purchase for my oldest daughter (age 6 1/2).  This scooter is built like a tank!  The scooter folds into a very small footprint and is easily assembled via lever.  The welds appear and feel solid and the material used is clearly first grade.  This scooter can easily be handed down (might need wheel replacements from normal use).It is somewhat refreshing to see a well made product in this category.  I have seen many of the neighbors children using other brand scooters and they simply do not compare.  I will warn you though, this scooter is not as light (in weight) as you would think.  I was a little surprised.  However, the grade of material used clearly contributes to the weight.
Today I bought the second of this scooter. The first I had bought last summer and was great. It's seen a lot of use, and a fully grown adult has put it through its paces without issue.Tonight I bought another one, and it's going back to the store immediately. The problem with it is that the handlebar tube is jammed and very stiff. There's no way a child could adjust this, since I estimate I had to apply well over 100 lbs of force with my foot against the foot area while pulling very strongly against the handle bars to get even 10&#34; of extension. I'm unable to pull it out further. The handlebar is just hopelessly jammed into the tube, so back to the store it goes.Too bad, as the rest of it continues to seem fairly bulky and lots of shiny metal everywhere.
I bought these scooters for my children about 6 years ago. They ride them regularly and have put a lot of wear and tear on them. Not to mention leaving them outside in the rain and weather often.  These have held up and have been well worth the 19.99 I got them for (on sale on Black Friday).  My son is asking for a new one, only for asthetics since his has rust and the handle bar grips are breaking down from use.  It still rolls and works fine. I think I will indulge this Christmas and buy another and keep this around for friends.He actually rides this more than his bike.  He is 10 years old.  My daughter, 11 still hops on hers too.Easily folds for quick storage.
I purchased 2 units, one blue and one red.  My kids love riding them.The quality of the scooter is very good considering its price.  The handle bar is easy to adjust with no tools.Kids can easily collapse and fold the handle by themselves for storage.The ride seems fairly smooth for them even over concrete sidewalks, although they prefer to ride on asphalt park trails.The rear fender brake works well.The good thing is they go about as fast as an adult jogging, so they can tag along when I go out for a quick run.I own a Xootr for myself, and compared to that unit these are toys, but for sub$40 what can one expect?  :)
Ordered this recently for a party. This new film printed pictures that were obviously brighter and clearer than the first cartridge of over-year-old film we had opened and used first that night.  I almost ordered a whole bunch to set aside, but now I'm glad I didn't because the difference in quality makes it clear that fresher film produces better pictures.  From now on I plan to order what I need even though the more you order the cheaper it is per picture.  Everyone has so much fun with these pictures - there's something about a tangible print that digital can't compete with.  Highly recommend this product and hope they never stop making it!
Item does what it advertises - cushions your rear from hard seats.  However, I've had mines about a month now, and it's already beginning to get "compacted" or flat.  It's no longer as soft as it originally was, and it now starts to get uncomfortable after about an hour or so.  But it's still not as bad as the seat without it.I use it on average twice a week for about 1.5 hours at a time.Also, unlike some of the other reviews here, thankfully it has not (as yet??) split and the gel start to leak out.  It also is a bit wider at the back than most bike seats, so it sometimes slides about and goes off center slightly, even if you tighten the drawstrings as much as you could.Bottom line - it'll give your rear end some comfort, but if I could do it again I'll probably try for a comfy seat instead first.
I thought I could get away with my standard seat on the new bicycle I got.  It seemed pretty comfortable on my quick ride around the neighborhood.  But after I installed this, I rode 4x around the neighborhood without feeling a thing.  It doesn't seem like it would do much when you put it on, but I have to say it has made my ride feel like air.  It feels like I am just riding on my peddles and frame.  I can't recommend the gel seat enough.  This one fit my bike very well and for a great price.  Highly recommend it!
I had a little trouble getting this saddle cover to fit tightly, it took some effort to get the ties real taught and to cross tie them under the seat.  It worked pretty well for a while, but then over time it felt like the gel was breaking up and then I left the bike in the sun and the gel started to melt an ooze out of the material.  That was it, it was ruined.  It lasted one season of riding.  Felt good when it worked.  It did the job of getting me acclimated to my bike seat.  After a good season of riding i didn't need it any more, the standard saddle is fine.
I bought this item on June 1 to soften my experience on the hard seat of a Dahon Matrix.  It works well, and far better than another competitor's seat which failed to protect my tailbone.  The problem is, after only 3 rides (about 50 miles total) it has already begun to wear out.  The stickers and wording are already almost gone...[...]...and the edges of the seat are already wearing out.  For only $15, I was not expecting miracles.  But I was expecting it to last more then 3 weeks before showing significant wear.
I did a search on Amazon for bicycle seat cover. I saw the picture for this and the price and it looked perfect. Unfortunately, I scanned the reviews too quickly. What I thought I read was that it was a bit too tight so I was thinking this would be perfect for a road bike. But in reality it apparently is perfect for a STATIONARY bike. One of those with the huge seat on it. For a bicycle this thing is too big, at least for standard seats.I rated it for the quality and price which is good. The description is misleading.
I bought it not for softening my saddle. The fact is I have a Selle SRL Titanium saddle in red color and I wanted something to use as a cover to preserve this expensive saddle during I transport my bikes or when I have to ride in very muddy conditions. So I bought this product purely as a "cover" and I didn't make much research on this item, supposing that "any will fit"First of all, I was very unpleasantly surprised by the weight of this product. It is unreasonably heavy, very heavy. It is made very big just to be more universal and fit more saddles, but its not the best idea. If you apply it on narrow saddle, than you cant fix this cover at all. It moves and slips all the time. Fixing strand is another bad idea. In fact, I can't find any positive point in this product thus I can't recommend it. Don't waste your money!
I'm a pain to please..I work and go to school and study and a mother..OMG..omg..I have no time do nothing..I found time to workout on my weekends....and at first when I ordered I was over my head..so I got my man to fix it..The instructions we're bad..but he figured it out..I had this for 3yrs and I'm in good shape and workout 2 times a week for 60 mins..I do crossrunning and sking on the gazelle...its fun because it teaches me to balance myself and My waist used to be a 26 and now a 23...I'm very little now...But..I have been on a no carbs and no dairy diet..so that is why too.lol..the calorie counter that came with it did not work and it sucked..so I got a new one and replaced it.
We've had this stove for upwards of 25 years, and it has withstood the test of time, weather, and all kinds of camping conditions. The stove has accompanied us on camping outings in Alaska, Canada's wild lakes (for canoe and kayak camping) and on our average family summer camping vacations.It is lightweight, sturdy and a great way to prepare hot cakes, eggs and coffee in the morning.For larger families, there are of course larger Coleman stoves. But for a family of two to four, this item is perfect.
It is convenient and packs up well for car camping.  The stove gets very hot, and is great for boiling water.The stove does not do 'simmer' particularly well.  Be careful with anything that needs lower heat settings.  Using a cast iron pan or high quality aluminum or copper clad pan helps.  Attempting pancakes, eggs or a side dish requires very close attention.I would say that overall this is a good value, but there are better units available.It does have good wind resistance to it, which is a definite plus outside.
I've camped with this Coleman stove for two years. It has never failed me. I'd be lost without it.Compact. Rugged. Throws out lots of heat. Boils water and cooks food quickly and efficiently. Wind shields actually work.The hose that connects the propane canister to the stove unscrews and fits nicely inside the stove during storage. Connecting and disconnecting the propane tank is a breeze. Simply twist on a propane tank and you're ready to cook. No pumping, priming, or filling a tank with flammable liquid.This is the best little camping stove ever made. I won't go camping without it.***UPDATE*** 4/1/2012. I'm still using the same stove for camping. Never had a problem with it.
This Coleman stove has two 10,000 BTU burners that have independently adjustable flames that let you simultaneously boil water (on HIGH) or simmer (on LOW) whatever it is you desire. You can hook in a single propane cylinder tank that gives you 45 to 60 minutes on HIGH depending on your atmospheric conditions. This is a Coleman PerfectFlow stove that allows regulation of the propane pressure so some use and experimentation will get you desired results. It is a small unit, but it is very versatile and well-crafted. This Coleman stove has adjustable sides that allow for larger cookware and/or use to control temperature. Matches or such are needed to ignite the propane fueled flame. The bottom line on this unit is that it can really throw out heat and it is easily regulated.
As long as you don't mind cooking your food on high all the time this is a great little unit.  You see, the knobs stick and there is no granularity in the settings.  No problem if you're trying to warm a kettle of water, a bigger problem if you're trying to cook pancakes and eggs for breakfast.  My friend had the Coleman model with the knobs on either end (as opposed to side by side with this one), and it worked great.  You're on the right track, but keep looking...stay with propane, but away from this model.  I've seen others comment with this same concern, so it is a quality control/product issue.  C'mon Coleman...build it US, build it right.
Overall: Highly recommend for car campingPros:durable enameled steel exterioreasy to set up and operatecompactCons:flame control/adjustment not greatPurchased this stove for car camping as I was sick of using a backpacking stove for cooking meals. Car camping allows for added luxury like this coleman stove.I am very happy with this stove, as it has a nice heavy solid feel, and seems very well constructed. The heat output isn't fantastic, but it does the job and managed to boil water in a decent amount of time in 40F and windy conditions. As others have mentioned, the flame adjustment isn't the greatest, but then again most camping/backpacking stoves aren't either. Love this stove, highly recommend and would buy again.
Hey guys, I camp and hunt a lot with many friends. My job is to cook for hungery people and the stove has worked great for that.  I use the fitting for re-filling the little 1pound tanks, off bulk tanks.  1LB will last a long time, many cooks.  I took one star away becasue some of the sheet metel is getting cought in the lid, so when I try to open it, I need to find something to pry it open. The second thing is it can be hard to turn the burner on low, it junps back to middle heat when I take my hand off the knob, but it will do it, I just have to try several times.  All in all a great stove! I'd buy it again!!!
I have owned three of these stoves over the years.  i gave the first two to my kids and ordered this model.  The windscreens are cheaply, made, fall off the stove which then doesnt  support the rear screen.  Once closed it required a hunting knife to open because the inner deck stuck to the lid.  The right burner worked fine but the left burner flamed inefficiently.I feel this stove is a piece of junk and Coleman ought to feel ashamed of the sheet metal worksmanship on it.
The 6 piece set was more than I actuallly needed, but I didn't know where I was going to mount the speed bag and so I got the whole kit.  The speed bag is really good quality and the swivel is better than I thought it was going to be.  It is nice to have both the wrap and the gloves if you are a beginner because you may find that one suits you better than the other.  I did not end up using the platform but the frame leads me to believe that it is very sturdy.  The jump rope, ah, the jump rope is a nice touch and it is nice to have, but i's nothing special.If you are looking for a fun and challenging arm workout the speed bag is a lot of fun to learn. It is not about punching something as hard as you can it is about controlling your punch.  I like it, it's fun and it's a really good outlet on very bad days.
The first problem is that I finally have time to put the thing up and when I read the instructions, I quickly found that the most important item for assembly is NOT INCLUDED.  I had to get 6 lag bolts before even assembling the thing.  Of course it was late and the hardware store was closed - very frustrating.  The bag is a little big and comes off the swivel attachment every once and a while - also frustrating.  For the price it was a good value and beginners will enjoy it.  For more advanced boxers, spend a little more and upgrade all parts.Skipping rope is garbage - way too lightweight.  Wraps are not flexible and too short.  Bag gloves are unnecessary.
My 16 year old son is interested in boxing so I thought this might be a nice starter kit for him to practice with.  The boxing gloves aren't that great, but they serve their purpose.  The bag and platform are fine....I had enough sense to know it wouldn't come with screws and stuff, so we bought what we needed before installing it.  Found a strong beam in the wall in the garage and it was up and ready to go in 20 minutes.  He really enjoys using it (as does my husband) and so far, it appears to be of decent quality and perfect for what we wanted - a home speed bag set that wouldn't break the bank, but wouldn't break during use either.
this is a great kit to get all the items you need for a speed bag set. there is one bad thing about this set, but there is an easy fix. the swivel shown in the picture is NOT the one included in set. the one included in set is a cheap plastic base, with a plastic ball bearing, and a small metal i hook glued into the bearing, with a small spring clip attached to hang tour bag on. of course that wasn't going to fly so i upgraded to the Everlast Professional Speedbag Swivel and it made things great. the next thing after you get good at it is to upgrade to a smaller bag. the bag included is way to big. after you upgrade these two things its a great set and well worth the money.
I purchased the Everlast 2'x6' Folding Mat primarily for use with theStretch-Out Strap, and it works great for my purpose.  The mat is well constructed and very thick-- I am quite comfortable in all my stretch positions.  I do not stress the mat much, so I cannot speak to its ability to handle "abuse", however, it seems very sturdy and the handle straps are sewn quite securely. If you need to transport your mat, I would think it might be nice to have some elastic loops or something to keep the mat closed-- I don't move mine so that is not a concern for me.
We're using these to lay over our hardwood floors so the baby can play and crawl safely without fear of bumping her head!  You know, sometimes babies will &#34;faceplant&#34; as they learn to crawl or even fall as they learn to stand.  Our only carpet is limited to smaller rooms, but a few of these unfolded and laid next to each other provide plenty of room for her to play while offering great protection!  Best of all they fold up and store under the couch and the handles really help to move them around easily.Cheap and functional (though our purposes didn't include adult exercise!) and actually a bit nostalgic (reminds me of gym class)!
I gotta say that I felt like I was rolling the dice on this, because I was not sure if it would be firm enough.  It is soft, but also firm, but not as firm as the commercial type blue mats used for things like gymnastics.  Really that is OK though since for a exercise and stretching mat it does not need to be that firm, and this mat is a good balance.  I think the quality is OK and there was only the faintest of odor up close which is not a minus, just an observation.  The size is also good, I doubt many people would need something bigger.
This mat is a good size and although some reviewers have mentioned it's lack of width, I don't find any problem with that for the exercises I do on it.  The thickness is plenty good enough to protect me from the hard floor, yet supportive enough for my back.  The vinyl is very easy to wipe clean.  One of the best things I like about this mat is the fact it folds in half and has neat carry handles.  I have a small home gym so just pull it out when I need it then wipe down and fold it up and prop it up against a wall when it's not in use.  The color is great too.  Compared to the much thinner mats I was using when I had gym membership, I think this is an excellent purchase.  Seems pretty sturdy though I have only been using it for a couple of months so difficult to tell how it will stand up over time.
Everlast is a well known name and they make good products.  I wanted something cushy for my exercise class so something a bit more thicker than a yoga mat.  This is definitely thick and cushy.  But.... it's kind of bulky and heavy to carry.  It does have handles but it is still kind of cumbersome and I am pretty strong.  It was not worth returning so I will deal with it.  But if I had to do it over, I'd buy the yoga mat.
This is a great mat for the price. Enough cushion for floor exercise, easy to clean and carry. The one drawback is the fluffy nature of the foam. It isn't dense foam. So despite its thickness, it bottoms out pretty easily. making this a good mat for soft and slow moves, but wholly inadequate for anything that might involve impact. I used this for my prenatal yoga floor work and loved the cushy support for my aching hips and back. Overall, better than a typical extra thick yoga mat, but don't expect yoga mat density/quality.
When we take this to the park, then all these children want to play with it.  Funny, but it actually gets annoying, because as a parent, I have to hold other people's kids to keep them safe while they are jumping up and down.  PLUS, my kids don't get to use it as much because of the other children.  There is a weight limit on this pogo stick, so be careful with heavier children.  Other than that, it's easy to use, and even to store.  Barely takes up any space and even stands on it own with the base.  Make sure that you stay with your child until he/she gets really good with it.
My daughter had been in desperate need of a basketball for her outdoor hoop, so we decided to give this one a try. The surface has a good, slightly textured feel that was a little bit tacky, which made for a nice contrast to the cheaper rubber basketball she'd previously been using, which had been worn nearly smooth.We've had the basketball for some time, and it's survived nicely in our garage over the course of the change of seasons. Unlike a lot of the other sports balls we have, this one holds air well. It has a good bounce, and the surface is still in good shape after all this time. Being bounced against the cement on our driveway hasn't left it any worse for the wear. I can't say how it might function in an actual court, but it's a good choice for some outdoor basketball.
If you are looking for a decent ball to use indoors this is a good, affordable choice. It feels great out of the package the "tack" on the ball responds well for shooters. I found that the ball rotation was better with this than a well worn basketball. Here are the grades:Weight: C- , could definitely have been heavierInflate Quality - B+ , Holds air wellFeel - B+, more tacky than other basketballs, but feels greatBounce - B, GoodOverall - B+Durability - C- , I would not use this ball outdoors. It does not have the right feel and I think it would fall apart after a few uses. Stick with indoor ball and its a good choice.Good quality ball for the indoors, recommended.
This Spalding Tack Basketball is very tacky. It makes it easy to palm the ball and provides a light soft touch. Using the ball mainly on indoor courts, it holds up well. I'm doutbful that the texture could withstand a lot of use on an outdoor court, but after a few uses outside, it is still in perfect condition.I like this ball a lot, but I only gave it 4 stars, because I noticed that whenever we pick the "game ball" for our pickup games, everyone shies away from these balls.
The main feature of this ball is a tacky surface that makes the ball easier to grip.  This feature works really well.  This ball has a noticeably better grip than the Wilson indoor/outdoor ball that I have been using for casual driveway basketball.  Otherwise, it is a typical indoor/outdoor ball.  It is well made and keeps inflated.  One interesting fact about this tacky ball is that when wet it becomes much slicker than a standard ball, which grips about the same when playing on a wet driveway.
This ball provides grip and feel for ball handlers and shooters with a composite cover material.  I have 2 boys that lllooovvvvee basketball and this ball is their favorite.  This ball emulates the feel of leather, that also offers the durability need for mixed surface use. It seems like they had ball handlers and shooters in mind when making this ball.  The ball has a wide channel design, suitable for indoors or outdoors use, the ball meets official NBA size and weight requirements.  Can really speak on the durablilty but for the most part, we are really impressed with this ball.  Buy it, you'll love it!
This is an excellent basketball for both outdoor and indoor use, although it will keep its grip much longer if used only indoors.The super grip gives the ball handler excellent control when making cuts and crossovers plus it is much easier to palm!This goes for pretty much every basketball but remember to bring your ball in to your garage or a shaded area after playing. Otherwise, the ball will start to split at the seams if left out in the sun.This ball would have gotten the coveted 5 star rating but the price is a little high compared to similar balls out there. They need to knock $5 off the price. Otherwise, it does the job and the grip is awesome.
My son is a basketball fanatic.  And at 15, in just a year and a half of playing seriously (pickup games, etc.) he has become quite the fanatic.  He already had 3 previous balls he plays with.  But when he saw this one he said 'yep, that's pro quality' with a long smile.  The grip is so good, the response is up there also.  If you want to bring a smile to your players face you can't go wrong.
This is a fairly nice basketball,plenty of tact creates a good grip and the size seems to work well for all of us. As a family we have played with this basketball at the court club we belong too (indoors) and so far so good. The tact is still just fine although if and when that changes I will update my review. We have used this basketball everyday since we've gotten it and its still as inflated as the day I got it.I will also mention that the ball doesn't have much protection inside its shipping box so I recommend using caution when opening the box so you don't end up slicing the ball.This particular basketball  overall seems to be a great value based on the selling price,  I would recommend this ball for beginners and intermediate players alike!
My son is the Swen Nater of elementary school basketball players, a great defender, good rebounder, makes his short shots, not much offense.  This ball is a "tack soft" basketball, a shooter's ball, with a good finger grip.Of course, when I tried it, all my shots went in.  Let's face it, at age 53 I can still shoot.  Heck, I tried a ten pound medicine ball and made three straight 3-pointers.  But my son liked the feel, and enjoyed shooting, and seems to make more shots.Seriously, this is a gym rat's ball, not a street rat's ball, and it does give a good feel for a shooter.Heck, I could make a watermelon from 20 feet 11 out of 9 times.  So don't judge by me.  But this is a great shooting and good feeling basketball.
This is a good quality indoor-outdoor basketball.  The texture is soft and very easy to grip when new, with deep seams allowing excellent ball control.  Regulation size (29.5).  Being soft, it's not Spalding's most durable outdoor ball--the Street model may be more durable if you play outdoors all the time, and the tack on this one does wear off after a couple of dozen hours on cement.  Indoors, it'll last forever and stay nice and grippy. It needed a little air when I received it, but otherwise, I'm totally satisfied with it.  (Although not a big deal, I also happen to like the rich leather-like color more than the brighter orange of some balls.)
I'm still feeling out the grip of this ball and what I think about it.  Change can be hard, and I sometimes want to stick with the traditional grip.  However I have to admit that it is nice to be able to grip the ball better.  I also need to evaluate how well this ball will handle usage.  I play mostly outside which can cause more wear and tear on the ball than indoor courts.  This is probably the most important factor for me, and I'll try to come back and edit my review over time.  I am also still evaluating how the ball behaves around the rim.  So far I haven't seen too much difference in that regard -- I'm trying not to blame the ball for my misses.  :)  The ball has kept its air well note.  I'd say that if you are on the fence with this ball, just go ahead and drop the few dollars and try it out yourself.
I ordered this 29.5" basketball with the only intention of playing with my young son. Having said that, I was not too worried about getting a more professional ball.For starters I could not play with it out of the package as it did not have enough air in it, so we had to wait until I could have it inflated (unfortunately I do not have the needed tools at home) The ball looks really cool, it is light and has a nice grip.We have had it for a little over a week and we like it so far, again, I am not playing professionally or anything like that, it is a basket ball I am using to teach my young son how to play so, works great for me!
Great basketball if you are using indoors.  It was packaged well and needed a bit of air to get going.  We have been using it on a asphalt driveway for about 2 weeks now and it is showing wear.I have no doubt that it will last for a long time to come, but it will lose its grip and eventually have to be replaced.  That being said it is an excellent quality ball with very deep seems and a perfect gripping surface.4/5 stars for us - my only real complaint is that it is priced quite high.  It would also be nice if they could rate the ball for indoor or outdoor with some specifics so that a buyer knew what to expect after regular use.
This is a wonderful ball.  I know because we bought the first one over a year ago for my son's birthday.  We bought one similar maybe the exact one before but he didn't write his name on it and it never came back home after a practice.  It has a nice "sticky" grip, feels secure when grasp, and for preparing to shoot. It holds air well and doesn't need to be re-inflated except maybe check it at the start of the season.  Has a nice vibrant feel to the bounce and is all that you'd expect in a quality ball.  I highly recommend it to all. It even arrives inflated for immediate play.
I swim at the local gym 1-2 times a week. Found this pair of googles with great reviews and a decent price so I pulled the trigger. I have been wearing these goggles for over 6-months now and am very happy with them. The goggles are comfortable around the eyes and the strap stays on in a secure and comfy fashion. I bought my gf a pair as well and she uses them several times a week with no complaints. If you are looking for a comfy pair of goggles to use for recreational swimming that come with a decent price tag then you should look no further!
I guess goggles is one of those things that either works for you or it doesn't. Most of Speedo's goggles have great reviews so I wasn't sure which ones would work for me. Ordered the oversized Baja model which wasn't up to the mark for me because it hurt after wearing it for some time. Replaced them with these Hydrospex goggles and these are PERFECT! Very comfortable to wear, keep the water out completely, do not get foggy (I ordered the black ones), and do not hurt at all.
The last time I bought swimming goggles was probably 1992, so I was a bit leery of these goggles at their relatively low price point. They fit great, and they don't leak much at all. I exert myself pretty hard when I swim (i.e., I am out of shape), and they don't seem to fog up very badly. Every now and then I need to de-fog them, but mostly they're great. They stay in place, they don't leak, and they're adjustable. I particularly like that adjusting them is not particularly easy to do -- yes, I like that it's hard to adjust the length, because that makes the length very stable and secure. They're good goggles, particularly if it's been 20+ years since you've bought goggles.
UPDATE:  Initially gave this 5 stars because of good function.  But after only 9 months, the rubber that seals the goggles against the eyes is cracking and brittle.  I din't expect them to last forever but less than a year is still disappointing.  They have been used fairly heavily I would say.  END OF UPDATE.  Sometimes I hesitate to buy something because it seems too cheap.  These aren't going to last forever but what they do well is keep water out of your eyes and they have flat lenses so your view isn't distorted like with some goggles.  We'll see how long they last.
I like the Speedo Hydrospex Swim Goggles. They have a snug, relatively comfortable (for googles) fit and won't leak if you follow the instructions on the package. These Speedos look good in the water and provide decent visibility. I find the tinted versions too dark to see underwater.  I have used these clear goggles for a year now, and after about 30 uses,  there are no durability issues so far. These are nice goggles at an affordable price, better than the cheap ones I had as a kid that leaked all the time!
I purchased the clear model before and I loved it. I like the tinted lens look and the darker color of these. Soon as they came in I hit the gym pool. They work up to the Speedo name! A few things to watch out for with these though. The eye pieces are close together so if you have a bigger nose they probably won't fit right.  They do not leak at all. But you will get some racoon eyes. I swim 30 -45 minutes a day and these things will leave racoon eyes. But you have to take the good with the bad. The fit around the eyes is very comfortable. Like I say about all my swimming gear make sure you wash it off before you put it away.
Speedo makes great goggles with great quality.  I usually buy a pair every year or two to replace older ones that I have scratched up and or stretched out...yes I have a big head.  :-)That said I figure I would try a pair of these.  True to form, they are perfect goggles and very high quality.  Not much else can be said.I rate them 5/5 but with a hint of CAUTION!If you are ok with wearing what seems like a pair of sunglasses under water..then these are for you.  They do in fact block sunlight and make the experience a bit better during the bright mid afternoon but they do darken things up quite a bit  Just a note....in the end its your choice.
I have a lot of ocean miles with these goggles and LOVE them. I always say it's the best 20 bucks I ever spent. [ and I have spent it happily several times because I keep giving them away or loosing them. SO this is a really good price.]  If you are used to the glued on foam seal goggles you should buy these immediately and throw all your old pairs away. You should go to the Speedo store and try on the various models to see what floats your face though. [ I think the other review is about the Speedo Jr. Hydrospecs.] Further these goggles are GOOD to about 20 feet and seldom leak.GO OUT AND SWIM IN SOME BIG WAVES  TREVERYONE wants  T R Caspellmr. Toads wild ride.  Todd Royall CaspellRIDE LOTS  Tord and sundry(expressed opinions not necessarily ofmy brain)
I have an older one and I have to agree with the flaws cited by other reviewers.  The hard plastic wheels are slippery, make an annoying grinding sound, and they ride rough.  The handle is way too short.  I have to hunch over to hold it.  Other less significant problems: the foot rest is too narrow so my 1 year old just drags his feet (2 year old can peddle or push with his feet fine).  The best thing about it is the low seat height (1 year old can climb on easily, not so with Radio Flyer).  It's also not expensive like the otherwise much better-made Kettler.  Between this and the Radio Flyer, we're set until it's time for real bicycles.  Trikes do tip.  I think that's how boys get tough, no?  or at least more careful.
I am buying our third one for our third child.  This is a "must have" for our kids between 18 months and 2 years.  The one we bought seven years ago is still going, albiet with a limp.  They have been used so much that the tires do wear out but the kids don't care!  The six and seven year olds still love their trikes as much as they do their two wheelers and they don't seem to notice that the wheels aren't round anymore.  Name one other toy you can buy for 25 bucks that lasts a kid from toddlerhood to first grade!
I got this for my two year old.  He already has a rocking horse (which he loves!), so I didn't bother with the rocking mode of this trike.  I set it up as pictured - as a trike with the tall handle.  My little guy loves it, and rides it all around the house.  The only trouble is that even with the seat ALL the way forward, he can still only reach one pedal at a time.  When we get better weather, we'll try it outside.  My biggest concern with using it as a parent-pushed, riding toy, is that I'm not sure he'll keep his feet on the footrest -- I'm afraid he'll get a foot under it, and get his ankle twisted or jammed underneath.  But, I guess we'll find out when spring comes!
Some of the pieces could have been put together before it was put in a box for consumers....The red bar for mom to push, for example. It came in two pieces. Really? ... The pedals were a royal pain to properly hold in place and push the plastic holder pieces in. And the foot rest for the baby? I'm still not sure I have it in right. It moves, and I don't think it should.That being said... Everything but the foot rest works on my bike. My toddler loves it! So, success.
This is the first trike that we bought for our eldest child. We also tried the metal Schwinn tricycle, but preferred this one. It is easy for the kids to get moving and has a handy handle to help steer the kids. I am 5'11" and this height of the handle is a bit low, but not unbearable - I would have preferred 1-2" taller. My wife (5') likes the height. The wheels are supper noisy and a bit annoying but the kids don't seem to notice. I should point out that shorter kids may have difficulty pushing the pedals. My son had difficulty when he was 33" or 34" tall and had no difficulty by the time he reached 35" or 36".The trike has held up well, we have had it for about 2/2.5 years and it gets used several times a week (during good weather). We keep it outside and it power washes clean with no problems.
I got this thermos as a christmas present (2012) and decided to try it out to see how long it held hot water.  I placed boiling water in the thermos at 11am and it was STILL boiling hot at Midnight.  Yes it is made in China, but I have not had any problems with the lid.  Just make sure you don't screw the cap on too tightly and you should be fine.  You don't even have to completely remove the cap either since it has slots for pouring liquid.  One reason it kept the water hot so long.  If you put soup in it that has veggies in it, then you would need to remove the entire cap.  The only drawback is that the Lid that acts as a cup holds less than one cup.  Other than that it is a great product.  No glass inside to break either which is a plus too.
I have owned a Stanley thermos for years and they were built like a tank and made in the USA. I picked one up a few days ago and was shocked at how light and flimsy it is. While it may look like the old American made Stanley, it is just a veneer of it's old self and absolute Chinese junk not built to last.I am so disappointed to see once great American companies succumb to the economic pressure of building junk. I would rather they go out of business than ruin their good reputation. Don't waste your money as the companies soul died some time ago.
Complete junk. As with others I have noted a much lighter product and one that simply does not keep hot drinks hot or cold drinks cold.PMI, the people that bought Aladdin, really have no idea how to make things. Apparently all they do is design the product and pray to God that the contract manufacturer across the pond is building the product correctly. PMI should have kept the Aladdin factory open and the same people in place, but they decided to ship the job to China and charge the same price. Quality suffered big time folks.Instead of fooling with the warranty, I bought a vintage one off of ebay. The quality is night and day. The vintage stanleys were truly built to last. PMI can use the Stanleys history for their marketing ploys,  but they cannot steal the quality of the original.
I bought my first Stanley thermos years ago. It was made in the U.S. and of great quality. I left it in Texas with my grandmother when I moved. I bought a new one up here. Made in China and you can tell. It's not as heavy as my old one. There is a visible weld seam in the China version on the inside. It does NOT stay hot or cold like it claims. My old one lasted about 18 hours in the winter with coffee. Still steaming. This one...about 10. Disappointed, but I knew better than to buy things made in China. Stanley, I thought you had a lifetime customer here, but you dropped the ball. For what I need, the thermos will work. For $30, I expected quality. Not impressed at all
I've had one of these for a number of years now and finally got around to ordering another one so my wife and I could both use one at the same time.They're great in winter when you don't want a cold soda can making your hand cold and great in summer at keeping your soda colder for longer.The bottom is rubber and does a great job of staying put.There's no sweating/condensation to worry about either.I really think these things are great and can't see not using them going forward but avoided giving it a 5 star rating only because of how expensive they are.I feel like you should get a two pack for the price one cost.
I can't stress enough how well these thermos koozies work. I own a can-am Maverick UTV and the cup holders in that thing will boil your drink in 5 minutes. Using these koozies I can set a drink in the cup holder inside this koozie and it will keep it nice and cold for a long time. Well worth the money! The only problem I had was that the bottom plastic piece fell off when I dropped it about 6 ' onto concrete, I just put some epoxy on it and it is as good as new.
This thing can keep a beer cold in the heat for hours. Seriously. It's that good. it's expensive, but if you like cold beer, invest in one. Especially if you're the type of person who doesn't finish the bottom of the beer can when it gets warm from taking too long to drink. This will solve that problem. I also noticed that since my beer stays cold so much longer, I don't find myself drinking as much. This keeps me from getting too..... well you know.
We bought two of these on a spur of the moment whim at a office supply store several years ago. We use them at work and home, but sometimes we forget and leave them. I am ordering two more so that we have one everywhere.  They are simply amazing at keeping a soda cold. They are strong stainless steel. There is a small plastic disk on the bottom that has came off of mine the last time I drooped it. The rubber around the top slips off for easy cleaning. For all the abuse it has taken it has held up well. This can insulator will ad class to your can of soda unlike the foam things.
I was bored and trolling Amazon and saw this...it looked like fun so I ordered it. I read the assembly directions, which said you need 3 people, but a woman said in her review that she assembled her trampoline alone...props to her cause I tried and nothing...absolutely no movement whatsoever. I took it to work and 3 guys assembled it very easily, but used their combined strength to make the pieces go together and open. The smell is obnoxious, which I hope will dissipate over time. All in all a fun purchase.
Four arcs are joined to form the rim. Good: has 5 legs, elastic bands instead of metal springs, quiet bouncing, affordable, the size is suitable for kids, and indoor use. Bad: the joints in the rim could be more rigid, the rim changes shape, making the legs point in odd inward and outward directions. The legs have some risk of caving in, hence my recommendation is for kids only. A single person can assemble the trampoline, but once going past 120 degre angle towards 180 degree, there is no turning back, you have to finish the job in one sitting, or the rim will forcefully whack you in the face if you try to bail out. I doubt there is any safe way to disassemble this product.
If you want a mini-trampoline, I can recommend this one. It is built like a battleship, but assembly is non-trivial -- you need at least two adults (the instructions recommend three) to fight against the tension to pop everything in place. No big deal, but you are not going to put this together by yourself -- you can hurt yourself if something pops back due to the high tensions involved. The instruction book could use larger and clearer pictures. The legs screw on, and one of the legs in mine was slightly out-of-round, making for some stiff turning, but I got it on. There is an 800 number to call the manufacturer for any problems. I didn't need to call. We like this mini-trampoline.
I have put these together before.  It's hard, but not awful.The instructions literally say that this job requires three strong adult.  THREE.  Do you have any idea how often there are three strong adults in my house at the same time?  Almost never.  So, needless to say, it's still sitting on my couch waiting for a few strong adults to show up.My husband and I worked on this for over an hour.  We got two pieces together, and finally gave up.THEN, the smell is overwhelming.  I'm pretty sure whatever they made it with is highly flammable and could possibly burst into flames by it'self at any minute.  It does say &#34;Keep away from open flame&#34;.  But, I think this is more like &#34;Do not light a match while this is in the room&#34;.
it only took two of us to get it together. The first time it was warped after we put it together so we took it apart and did it again. On the second try it was fine. Not sure what the issue was. Went together pretty easily....smells something fierce of gasoline which is annoying. It's really just the blue rubber/plastic/foam that goes around the edge that stinks. The entire room where the trampoline is smells of it....hopefully it will be gone in a few more days as it off gasses. Kids don't rebound as high as they did on their kids trampoline but that's okay.
The only issue is if it's moved, I have to flip it upside down to 'straighten' it back out. It goes lopsided! But it works great when it's flat (and straightening it out isn't a huge deal). The main purpose was to get my kids something to jump on besides the couch, since that seemed to be a hidden passion of theirs. ;) They love to bounce on it, and so do it! Its a great leg workout. We're all happy for the purchase!
This trampoline was really cheap by comparison so I'm not going to hold it to a high standard.  A great thing about it is how quiet it is compared to my old one due to it using nylon/elastic bands around the frame instead of springs.  This alone gives it at least three stars in my view.  Assembly wasn't too bad either.My main problem with it is the size.  It is advertised as being 38 inches and that is simply not the case.  The interior dimension of the surface on which you would jump is 31 1/2 inches in diameter.  Even the exterior dimension is less than 38 inches (not that it matters.  Who the heck really cares about the outer size when shopping for one of these?  Lame.Because it is so small I would hardly recommend it, but for the price if you are careful to remain centered then it is passable.
The assembly was relatively easy.  It does however stink to high-heaven until you air it out.  We left it outside overnight, and by the next morning one side had a rust stain on the blue cover.  I don't know how that happened, but oh well.  My daughter likes it, and does use it frequently.  It is a bit small, so you must put it somewhere with at least 3 feet perimeter for safety.  I still recommend it despite the horrible smell.
The 38" size is a good deal for the price and works okay.  I did manage to put it together all by my lonesome instead of the 3 people the directions say are needed.  But... The chemical odor from the blue stretch cover is AWFUL.  I am going to stick this thing outside to see if that helps air it out.  If not, the cover is coming off.  It is too strong to use right now and that is why the 3 stars.  Nothing made for living creatures should smell that horrible.  I refuse to use it further until the smell is gone.I'd love to hear if others have had this issue.
I was worried that assembling would have been hard after seeing other reviews, I had my dad and brother help, turned out not needed, one helper would have been enough, as long as you take your time, and make sure the person opening the trampoline up is strong and does not let go untill you get the bolts started, recomend assembling on a flat hard surface, and before you put in the only 2 bolts that holds the frame together, make sure the two ends are seated flat together.so far with my two 55lb kids jumping on it no problems,would buy again
I purchased this originally to use in my home gym.  I wish I could say that that is what it is used mostly for, but I can't.  This is the perfect size to have in a home gym or to be used by toddlers and small children.  I'd be careful if using it for toddlers since it doesn't have a hold bar or a net.  If you use it on a carpeted area or grass, as I do, you probably won't have a problem.  It is also very durable.  I have a toddler and a preschooler.  They use it more then I do and It has survived for almost 2 years unscathed.
These pads are made nicely. I like how you can put on the pads without having to slide them up the limb. This helps if you already have the rollerblade on.The sizing is way too big for my 3 year old. The elbow pads barely fit my child's knees.The main drawback of this set is that it is missing wrist guards which I think are extremely important. The most likely fracture point is the wrists.Overall, I prefer theRollerblade Pro Junior In-Line Protective 3 Packwhich are smaller in size and come complete with wrist guards.
After reading the other reviews, I thought these would work perfectly for my 4 and 5 year old children.  I was wrong!  They are huge!  They kept falling down, and the kids weren't the least bit interested in wearing them, and they are truly very safety conscious.  After realizing they were way too big for them, I tried them on, and they fit me!  They are really nice knee pads, but definitely not for little kids.  The elbow pads could probably work for knee pads for them, if you don't care about elbow pads.  I wish I had only bought one pair instead of two.  I will say they are priced well, though, as long as they fit!
I complained when I saw only 2 pads but upon closer look, they were not the same size. So doing some actually thinking, I took the package apart and lo and behold, there were 4 nested in two pairs. They are small but should fit up to a typical 12 year old. Quality is only OK, but a good deal for the price. They are not real comfortable as I would have expected with gel pads, but fit is OK. I suspect they will chafe with long wear, but I expect they will be fine for my requirements.
Unless you are an adult the size and weight of an average 10 year old girl, don't buy these for yourself.  Luckily, I have a kid who can use them since they were too small for me.  However, they are well constructed and she seems very comfortable wearing them for several hours at a time.  They haven't been tested in an actual scootering fall yet, but by looking at them I am fairly certain they can take quite a hit and keep elbows and kneecaps from serious impact damage.  At least I hope so.  Also they are very cool to look at being deep black with orange buttons.
These are way too small and uncomfortable for a grown adult like myself. I wish they would have said in the title that these were kid's sized, but I suppose I blame myself for not thoroughly reading the customer reviews before purchasing. The Velcro straps are uncomfortably tight, and they tend to rip off whenever I bend my knees dramatically. The same discomfort was experienced with the elbow pads...except that they are even tighter than the knee pads; so much that I could only tolerate wearing them for 5 minutes before taking them off...I'll probably never use the elbow pads again. The knee pads at least do an "okay" job at protecting my knees (so long as they stay on) but I can tell these were meant for children and maybe young adolescents. I'll never be buying these again, nor do I recommend anyone buy them unless they have children....(in which case they might fit perfectly and comfortably on them.)
Any chain can be cut, but it takes bolt cutters, something the average bike thief doesn't normally carry. Bike thiefs do carry cable cutters: very affordable, easy to use, fit in your pocket and easily work on 90% of the anti-theft devices.This chain is well made and not so heavy it is like carrying around an anchor, completely defeating the benefit of having a light weight bicycle. Otherwise why not get a cheap beater bike no one would steal and a cheap cable lock thief's wouldn't bother to cut? Overall this configuration would weigh less and far less would be at risk.The price on this lock is unbelievably low compared to the competition, but it is real.
I purchased one a couple of years ago the the wires got tangled a coupld of months back. The wire broke and there is no way to fix it. I bought these that are identical to the old one because I like the scan feature, the large numbers in the panel and the small size. It works well. If I can say something back is that the mounting only allows a handle bar position and it does not sit very tight on the base. My handle bar is not very large and even being small it takes space there. I also have my headlights in there and of course those have to be a the front. Sometimes, it will stop measuring if you touch it forward. It will not come off since there is a plastic stopper at the end but it will move out of the sensors and stop reading your ride. It has happened with me several times
I bought this only for the odometer function. I just wanted to know how far I was riding each day . I usually ride only two different routes that cannot be verified by driving my car over the same route. ( dedicated bike trails ). It is really not a bad unit for the price. I don't need something that will last for years. Once I know the distance of the routes I could just un-install it if I wanted to.. Ordered on a Wedesday A.M. and it arrived on Thurdsay P.M..It took about 10 minutes to install and off I went. Tested on a route @ Lake Perris Ca. and I was riding 12 miles( assumed it was 10 ) . So if you are looking to buy one, just do it. It is very inexpensive and will probably last a long time if you are careful with it ..
This computer has been on my bike for almost 2,000 miles and it's still going strong. It seems to be very accurate. Just read the directions and you shouldn't have any problems. The only thing  I would recommend is measuring your tire yourself, rather than using the chart provided in the manual.Using the chart will get you in the ballpark, and for rides to the store and back it may be all you need. But if you're going to be doing longer rides and recording your trips, then it is well worth the extra effort of taking your time and doing your own measuring.
I bought mine from a nearby Wal-Mart and it's worked perfectly so far.  Having never installed one before, I just took my time & had some extra zip ties ready...just in case.  The only tool you'll need is something to trim the ends off the zip ties when you're done.  I like the "scan" mode which flips thru max speed, avg. speed, distance, total time, etc.  On the down side, I bought another for my son's bike.  It either had a bad sensor or a broken wire from the sensor to the unit.  It never did work.  I took it back for a refund.  For $10 - what do you expect?  You may get one that works fine - you may not.
I bought this to replace an old gel seat that I've had for about ten years and that was finally giving out on me.  Right out of the packaging, this Schwinn seat looks like it would be very comfortable, but it's got a hard base underneath that makes it feel like I'm riding on a layer of wood.Also, the product description says that it is designed for "spin bikes" and doesn't say that it's made only for Schwinn spin bikes, so I thought it would be alright to use for my Phoenix spin bike.  However, it keeps moving and shifting around when I use it, even when I pull the draw strings as tight as possible.  This movements ends up causing some chafing on my inner thighs, which is certainly not a pleasant thing.I'll continue to use this since I can't return it since I've used it a few times, but I'm not that impressed with it and would suggest looking at another brand.
This would be a really good product if it fit the seat on my bike. After reading some of the other reviews, I had some doubt about purchasing this item. A lot of people were talking about outdoor bikes and spin bikes, and how the cover did not fit. I have a Schwinn Stationery bike, so I thought maybe it would fit because it was a different type of bike. Wrong answer, the width of the cover is not wide enough and the length is not long enough. I was very disappointed. I am just going to detach my seat and take it to a bike shop where I can purchase the right seat cover for it.
I think Casio under prices this watch. I have purchased watches from Nike and some of the other expensive brands and this Casio is still my favorite. The low profile makes it wearable every day. It says it is water resistant, but I have gone to the lake and swimming with this watch and never had any water issues. The back light is not as bright as some other brands but I am glad it is not because this helps the battery last longer and it is bright enough to see it. The watch is very user friendly for first timers. You can not beat a watch like this, especially when it is a quarter of the price of other watches.
Coleman stoves have always been easy to dent, scratch, get burned on and are not for the weak of spirit.  On the other hand, properly assembled and pumped up they heat far better than propane for much less in total fuel cost.  The white gas can be stored for years before using.  Over pumping the stove creates massive amounts of heat for extra big pots.  I have used big ones like this and the little portable ones.  It is easy to forget that metal parts do an excellent job of transferring heat so look out!  I have also used MSR stoves which could be dangerous, tempermental fireballs if not treated with respect.  By their nature camp stoves get stored a lot and used some.  These are the good ones.
I've had 2 of these now because they're just too much fun. I kept one at home and one at work (I work with middle school students at a summer camp/program) and both broke but regardless I still love this thing. Mine at least have been pretty easy to aim as it is pretty consistent. It is a little tough to pull but shouldn't be a problem for anyone older than 8. In high school one of my teachers had one just to shoot students who were falling asleep. Pure fun for any age! I think their average life is about a year and then the &#34;bag&#34; starts to rip. Assembly was quick and easy, it's just a fun product.
If you have the extra money...buy this for the fun of it. It shoots a bullet of air that is strong enough to catch any unsuspecting soul off-guard.Initially saw one in use at DollyWood; one of their magicians used it in his act, and it was hilarious.It makes a bit of a &#34;pop&#34; (thats obvious) when you pull back to shoot it, but if you're in an area where unsuspecting folks are its too funny not to use.Safe, fun, easy to assemble, kids and adults will enjoy.
The AirZooka is a rather large toy that launches a blast of air up to 20' or so. We gave this to my son for Christmas and it turned out to be a surprise hit! The AirZooka was a little hard for my son to assemble on his own, but he was eventually able to get it.Everyone (young and old) had a lot of fun playing with this toy and the cats soon learned to go upstairs when anyone picked it up (Note: No animals were harmed in the writing of this review :-)Recommended!
I've taken this to work, outside, to the beach etc.  I can't get enough of this thing!  When it starts getting boring I put it away for a week or two then shoot the dog with it.  Since he can't see it coming he things something just jumped in front or above him!  I even hit my mother in law several times and she had no idea the &#34;thump&#34; was what was causing her hair to jump!!!!!  This is even fun for my 4 year old, she can pull it back enough to get a nice air slug out even though she can't pull it back all the way and still aim.  Great fun!!!!!!!!!!
This Airzooka Air Gun is awesome!  This was a really cool Christmas present for both the 17 year old, and the 13 year old boy!  It was a really fun way for them to "fight" each other, and have a war WITHOUT anyone or anything getting broken or injured.  Even the adults seem to love shooting it at each other.  But if you're worried about messing up your hair I wouldn't recommend getting shot.. It really does shoot a blast of air.. nothing to forceful.. but will mess up your do!
These Coleman lanterns are incredible values.  I've had this model for 20 years or more.  As a kid, my family had a similar model that is still going strong.  There isn't anything advanced about these; no electronics, no batteries.  They just work.  I have to replace the mantles about every 7-8 years, usually because I bumped the lantern too hard and one or both mantles broke.  At only a few dollars for two mantles, it's no big deal.You would need several high-powered LED lights to equal just one of these lanterns for light output.  On high, this will light up your entire camp site.I can't speak to the issues some have had where they say that their units appeared to be used.  As long as you get a new unit, you cannot go wrong with this lantern.  You'll be passing it on to your kids or grandkids.
tips:1. the lantern burns brighter on white Coleman fuel2. gasoline is A LOT more dirty then Coleman fuel so try to pre-filter the gas before use.3.gasoline will gum up the lantern in storage VERY quickly,so dump out the gasoline after your use.4.if you burn gasoline a lot make sure to pack an extra generator(a lantern part)because they tend to plug up much quicker then with Coleman fuel. the generator is cleanable if soaked in parts cleaner or "seafoam".5. if you need "directional light" cut a thick foil pie pan to the same dimensions as the globe,but make it only wrap half way around the globe(it will stay in place by being pinched between the shade and the mantel metal bottom. this will give you about 200 watts of directed light....perfect for Sasquatch hunting or signaling the mother-ship.that being said; these are great lanterns and simple enough to repair and pass down to your kids....a rare product characteristic nowadays.
This full-sized lantern is a good choice for a shelter-in-place (SIP) scenario or campsite.  Backpackers or people walking to a bug out location (BOL) will probably want the much smaller/lighter eXponent lantern.This lantern lights easily and is quite bright.  I find the lighting holes acommodate the long grill lighters if you get the lighter angled up-down enought.  Remember that using Coleman fuel instead of unleaded will extend the life of the generator.  Use of unleaded exclusively may be a false economy, depending the price of (non-gasohol) unleaded and generators in your neck of the words.  Coleman fuel will also be considerably less stinky while running and particularly when starting and shutting off.The lantern does not come with a case but you can make one out of a pickle bucket.  Line the inside with larger bubblewrap to absorb shock.  There will be enough space inside for your long lighter, spare mantles, funnel/filler etc.
I wrote some pretty scathing reviews on the dual fuel gas stoves, but I gotta tell you...this lantern is real nice.  It casts a nostalgic amber hue across the campsite, unlike the bright, in your face LEDs that are so common.  Keep the LEDs inside the tent, where they belong, this lamp is made to be outdoors and it is incredibly efficient.  We burned it for four hours each night for 2 nights and I still had almost half a tank of coleman fuel left.  Meanwhile, my neighbor was scrambling for D-cell batteries, LOL.  Is a bit unusual to prepare the mantles and light the fire in this day of point and click, but, take a moment and relish the (sometimes) greatness of simplicity...this product gets the job done.  This is what camping is all about...
It is an OK lantern that provides light at night. I did not try it out using unleaded gasoline, so I am going to assume it works OK using it (We used Coleman Fuel for it.) It is not too heavy to carry around, although it is way too heavy to hang on their very own Coleman Packaway Deluxe Camp Kitchen as the pole sways way too much. It was easy to setup and the included mantles worked great.The big issue on the one I received was that the adjustment knob was too sensitive to adjust the intensity to anything other than Off, Low, or High. There was no way to adjust it anywhere in between.
We just used our Coleman two mantle dual fuel power house lantern on our last camping trip and we absolutely LOVED IT!! It was super bright, burned all night long with no problems and was so quiet.  I was thinking it was going to be loud and hiss like the lanterns I was used to having when we were kids camping.....nothing like those.  They were great too by the way but this one was the real deal.  I would recommend buying the case to bring and carry your lantern because the glass globe is fragile if not stored and carried properly.  The case that was recommended by Amazon for this lantern fit the lantern just right and was perfect for storing it in.  We packed all of our camping supplies in the back of our truck and no harm came to the lantern at all in the storage case!! I would highly recommend!!!
I have had a coleman lantern for years, back before they were dual fuel even,  I always burned dual fuel  or mogas as the army called it best add ons were a hard case, an amber  glass globe , and a spark starter so i didn't have to look for matches.  if you're careful you can get several uses out of the mantles but I always kept a few spares on hand in the bottom of the hard case.  These lanterns last forever with a little maintenance  mine was bought for me by my ex wife when we were first married I just wish our relationship had lasted as long as the lantern
First off let me say that this was the fastest shipping ever, period. And I just got the standard shipping.This knife is exactly what I wanted. While this is the most expensive SAK (Swiss Army Knife) I've ever bought, the quality is well in line with their other products. Blades are hair splitters right out of the box, the wood saw is just an accident waiting to happen, and the scissors and pliers are both tight. All this was expected.What I did not expect was the crispness of the cut on the file. While this file does appear to be the same steel as the other implements, in a pinch I have no doubt it will do some good work. The purchase of this knife has probably relegated my leatherman to permanent tool bench duty.Overall wonderful quality, fit, and polish.
This is my third Victorinox Swiss Army knife.  (I lost the first and still have the second.  I only bought this because I wanted more tools).  These knives are incredibly durable.  I've never had one fail me.  With some imagination, the tools can be used for many more things than their intended purpose.  They are also much smaller and lighter than a Leatherman or similar tool, which makes them convenient to have on you at all times.  They're perfect for those moments when an unexpected need arises and you don't have full size tools with you.
I've had experience with Victorinox Swiss Army knives for over 40 years.  My primary casual pocket knife has been the Swiss Army 'Mechanic' for over 20 of those years.  I've always been satisfied with the quality, and with the fine edge you can achieve with the Victorinox stainless steel.  This knife is no exception. Same fine quality.  A little large to comfortably carry in my pocket, but a problem easily remedied with the available Victorinox Cordura Belt Pouch for Swiss Army Knives. Two of the most useful features of this knife are the scissors and the pliers.  Of course you also have the available screwdrivers, as well as all the other features.  It's amazing how handy this knife has been.  There have been times, when I don't have the knife with me, that I find myself reaching for it to perform a certain task, and then, &#34;Drats, I wish I had it with me.&#34;
Everything I need for lighter home use, camping, hiking, glove box, etc. (Too big to be my EDC, I prefer the Super Tinker for that). I have both the Fieldmaster and the Huntsman, and the only difference is the phillips screwdriver vs the corkscrew. You cannot go wrong with a true Swiss Army knife as long as you pick a model that suits your needs.TIPS:-There's a tiny hole under the phillips opening to add your own straight pin.-The hook is useful for pulling tent loops and stakes, hooking things through loops.-Reamer is great for punching belt loops, creating holes, getting out shoelace knots.-Be very careful with the saw - it is the sharpest tool I've ever seen! Useful for cutting twigs for marshmellow/hotdog cooking sticks, cutting cardboard.Highly recommended!
My first pocket knife when I was growing up was a SAK explorer, you know the bulky model that had everything, and I love it, unfortunately when your young you are also more careless and of course I lost it, I was devestated, and since back then they were pricer my Dad would not fork over for a new one, undertandably. Well twentysome years later and I finally replaced my lost SAK, this time its the Fieldmaster, I love to camp and this model has all the tools I need without being too bulky and heavy, the quality is still great, the polished stainless steel is a thing of beauty and all and all a this is the quintessential pocket knife!.
Needed a knife for my cub scout and after looking at the cub scout version of the swiss army knife decided on this one instead. Much better value, probably because it doesn't have to have the scout logo upcharge on it. Wanted a knife without a corkscrew on it (why bother for an 8 year old!) and this one fit the bill. He is delighted and I liked it so much I bought a second for my girl scout. Versatile and excellent quality. Not as heavy-duty as my leatherman but a great choice for a pocketnife.
I picked this multitool because it has the best combination of features for me: I really like having a saw, phillips head and scissors. All of the tools are well designed. The saw cuts aggressively in both directions and all of the blades came paper slicing sharp and are easy to restore. It is also surprisingly lightweight for its size; unlike Leathermans which are also great but for different reasons. If I had any complaints it would be that some of the tools are slightly difficult to access (particularly the hook - which I don't use anyways) and I think that there is space for one more tool on the bottom.
I bought this trailer for a trip up north. My husband filled the tires at home to the correct psi. Drove it around the driveway and everything worked great. We get to our destination and go to hook it up and the tubes are BLOWN. Actually shredded looking in spots. We were way up north and spent over an hour in the car to find a town big enough that had a store that sold bike supplies. Once both tubes were replaced the trailer worked great. Very easy to put together. I couldn't figure out how to attach it to the bike but that isn't my area. My husband had it attached in less then 2 minutes. The rubber on the original tube was very thin, I'm surprised more haven't blown.
I was given one of these trailers by my son and daughter-in-law this past Christmas. Our grandson is now old enough so I took him for a little ride yesterday, he loved it!Yes, I'm sure you can spend a lot more money and get a better one, but this works just fine. Easy to put together, easy to attach to my bike (I attached it to an old mtn bike instead of my road bike)attaches very easy and seems very secure.Pulls easily enough and holds Will in place ... what more can you ask for for this price?
We got this to use as both a bike carrier and a double stroller.  Putting it together was SUPER EASY since it comes mostly assembled.  It is bit tight for 2 kids though, a 4 year old and 2 year old. Because the seat is not firm they tend to slide together and then fight because they are pushed up against each other. It attaches easily to a bike but be warned there is alot of drag almost like pulling a parachute.  I am guessing every carrier would have this issue though.  As a stoller it is very easy to manuever and push. There is some storage behind the seat and that adds to its convenience.
[update 10/24/2008]  My daughter is now four - we still use the trailer for long rides and she still loves it.  The construction of the unit is decent and has held up well.----The trailer is really easy to set up - five minutes if you have a quick release for the back wheel of the host bike.  The ride is pleasant (meaning very smooth) for both the parent and child.  Like others have mentioned, the toddler loves their personal space.  Plenty of "whees" when we coast down hills.I envision after my toddler out grows the trailer that I can use it for running errands.This is a non-brainer purchase.
I've owned my XLT since shortly after it came out, and it is absolutely the best knife I've ever owned, even better than the SwissChamp I'd carried for 10 years prior.  I work as a computer tech, and this knife has about 90% of the tools I need to fix a computer, all in a (relatively) small package that I can carry in my pocket.  It's got things like Torx and Hex bits, and the bit driver is exactly the perfect size for tightening the little nuts on either side of a D-SUB connector (VGA, Parallel, Serial port, etc).  Even the little straight pin has come in handy for resetting PDAs.  I have used every single tool on this knife except the fish scaler.  Heck, even the toothpick has proven useful!
First I'm not a collector of Swiss Army Knives .  But bought this and am impressed with the quality of all the tools . It is well thought out and has most everything you would want for smaller jobs requireing a handy multitool, removing a splinter (first thing I used it for and it was nice to have) to sewing leather.  It is a bit large for pocket carry but could be in large pockets, I did get a belt case though . Although large I can use it and my hands are Medium to maybe large in size, but using two hands for somethings, most people could use it .  I have 4-5 multitools and probably 250 sheath, belt, pocket knives, etc. some custom made but this little tool has impressed me . If you collect Swiss Knives (tools) or want it for jobs requireing small tools I think you will like it . The price here is good too .
That is simply unacceptable! Granted it's not the most expensive unit out there but it should last more than a month.I did like it's size and it was fairly unobtrustive and not hard to program or read (that gives it the extra star)As for measuring steps it is not as accurate as I wanted anyway. When compared to the treadmill and elliptical machines, both of which give readouts of what you've done in your workout, this unit did not count all my steps. I wore it on the belt area/top of waist. It may be that mine was a dud and the battery was going from the beginning which is why the step count was off - but it really doesn't matter. I'm going to purchase a much better quality unit in the hopes it will last longer! I cannot possibly recommend this unit - although it does sound like others have had better experiences.
I thought this had a heart monitor. SMALL Display. The Calorie Burnt Counter is Kcal vs regular calories. I ran on the treadmill and compared my Calories burned and Distance and it was VERY OFF!  Overall the pedometer said I only burned 83 kcal I ran for 30 mins and walked for 15 mins = 45 mins total in  which the treadmill stated I burned 400 Calories. You must also calculate the kcal according to your age, but my results did not come close to the treadmill measurements.  Dissapointed. I bought this because of the reviews on how accurate it is. But it's not. Have you compared it to something else? a bike or a treadmill?
For just counting steps while walking, this is a decent product. However, it is not totally accurate if you go running. Also, car rides can sometimes increase your step count is the road is a bit too bumpy.The setting for measuring distance is not accurate at all, but I don't really mind.The belt clip is sturdy. I haven't had any problems with it breaking or the pedometer falling off.Also, this pedometer is definitely purple. I'm not sure why they labeled it as "blue" when it is without a doubt purple.
This pedometer has a clock which resets the count every day and keeps a seven day history.  I just leave it on my belt and don't have to worry about resetting it or checking it right after a walk.  My wife has a pedometer with manual reset and she never remembers to use it.The sensitivity adjustment helps avoid false readings from car vibrations, and the aerobic steps feature is useful to determine how much exercise I'm actually getting.It is very durable.  I've worn it every day for over a year with no problems.  It also has a small enough size that I hardly notice when I'm wearing it.In summary, the combination of durability, features, size, and price makes the Omron HJ-105 an excellent choice.
very loud very high pitch, pealess design. came with extra split ring. dont forget to get a lanyard as one is not incuded with this whistle. ordered mine in brite yellow for boating.update July5,2012: something interesting I wasnt aware, on the back of the fox 40 whistle package is an International Whistle Code, [one blast: "where are you?", two blasts: "come to me.", three blasts: "I need help!", if you hear any of these signals, respond with one blast. each blast should last 3 seconds.] I cut it from the package and have it in my tackle box, may be very helpful when im out on a lake in my boat as I bought this whistle for fishing, if of course any one within hearing distance also knows the code. I have another for bicycling in my CB hydration back pack.
I compared this to a standard whistle (the ones with the &#34;pea&#34; inside).  This is louder, so in an emergency, this can be heard from farther away.  However, it takes a lot more air to blow it.  Therefore, if an emergency includes you being injured or weakened in some way, you might not get much sound out of it.My suggestion is to have one of these, but also have the traditional (easier to blow) whistle in your pack or emergency bag.  If you have the energy to blow this, do so, if you can only blow the other one, even though it isn't as loud, it may still save your life.
there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I'm not gonna lie... I've tried a few of them to save a little money. but i ended up being very disappointed every time. then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it. it is such a great line of products, and very versatile. i use it for hunting, i use it for running, i use it at work. it's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour, it's going to be a solid product. keep up the great work.
Aerobie rings are awesome as for distance, though you have to have good control.  Otherwise, you may find it leaves your neighborhood.It's good for kids when learning, because it will still fly if they flub the toss.They don't hold up to UV and weather really well.  A year in the backyard and the plastic is faded and brittle.  YMMV, but it should last a long time if you bring it in when you're done with it.Be advised that while the image shows a three-pack, you get only one.  They're a little pricey, but not too bad if you're expecting it.
This thing GOES.We get our best results from a determined onslaught to bend the ring DOWN on both sides, like a taco.  Hold it in place for a minute, and then the ring gets great lift and is easier to aim.  The bent position lasts for hundreds of throws and catches and grass landings -- we just bend it that way once and then play with it for the day.This is great to keep in the car.  For my littlest son, we stand close together and just play catch back and forth -- he likes to catch it by popping his fist through the ring as it gets close.  For bigger kids, they have plenty of time to run into position for cathcing the disk -- this thing floats for a long time.Watch out for trees.  And I guarantee you it will sail out of a normal suburban yard, so watch for cars, too.
The Aerobie Pro Ring is a fun disc.  It generally flies very straight and very true if you throw it correctly.  Throwing it correctly is not hard.It also flies FAR.  So, make sure you have ample room, such as a field.  We tried playing with one near our house on a 1 acre lot and it got stuck on the roof quickly.Later, I took my 10-14 year old kids to a football field to throw it, and we were regularly getting 50 yards on modestly powered throws.  An adult throwing the ring with full effort can easily achieve 70-100 yards of distance.Also, chasing the disc while it's flying towards you provides good exercise.This disc makes "frisbees" fun again!  Buy one!  Find a field!  And, have fun!
We've had a great time as a family throwing this around the soccer fields.  Luckily we have a large park area with enough space for 4 soccer fields all together cause this thing really flies.  Its soft so that it doesn't hurt if one of the small ones misses their catch.  The hole in the middle provides a good way for someone to get a grip or to catch it ring toss style.  Light and easy to throw for all ages.  Get one of these, and get out for some family disc time.  You will be glad that you did.
I was worried, even after reading positive reviews, that this was going to be some gimmicky product that wouldn't last. But I'm happy to report that those were unfounded fears. This thing is very easy to use, flies much farther than a frisbee ever has for me, offers a great deal more control, doesn't lose course as much due to wind resistance, is durable, and seems much safer than a frisbee. I say safer, because the covering of the ring itself is a very soft rubber. If you accidentally hit someone with a frisbee, there is danger of bruising, etc. But I don't see that happening here. Catching is never painful; even when your throwing partner exerts a little too much force. If there is bad to be found here, I simply have not spotted it. So purchase with confidence.
This is the easiest disc to throw and it goes super far and I love it.  Further, I use it for playing with my Golden Retriever.  First it goes super far and when it runs out of steam it floats gently to the ground and my dog can easily grab it in flight.  While it's not designed for dogs it's made of  a material that's easy for them to catch.  If your dog is a super chewer this probably isn't the one for you; my guy does chew stuff up but only if I leave it with him.  He retrieves it and brings it back and gives it to me and we love using it.  I especially love how he flips it over his head so it's both in his mouth and around his head as he runs back with it!
I have used and collected a number of knives over the years. I have to admit I am Totally Brutal to my knives and I find out quick if a knife is well made or not.In my honest opinion My SOG knives especially my Flash II knife is a great knife to have!These knives are well made and well designed with a great life time guarantee, Not too many knife companies give you a lifetime gaurantee and shapening too! No other knife company besides Cold Steel will give you more Bang For The Buck !I've Never Ever had a problem with any of my SOG knives and I'm sure you will find the same true too.
This SOG "Flash II" pocket knife is an excellent "every day" carry knife. While I personally prefer theGerber 22-47162 Fast Draw Spring Assisted Opening Stainless Steel Fine Edge Knife, my son did not due to the weight so we found someone that was willing to trade the SOG for the Gerber. Here are my observations:Pros:+ Quality; this is a well made knife that will hold up to daily use quite well+ Speed; opens one-handed quite quickly+ Blade; comes razor sharp and holds an edge quite well+ Pock Clip; very sturdy, no worries at+ Positive Locks; this locks open/closed with a sliding buttonMisc:* Weight; this a very light knife compared to my other pocketknives, I prefer a little more heft but (as noted above) my son doesn't, so this is a matter of personal preferenceAn all around good knife at a reasonable price!Highly Recommended!CFH
I have been using Myerco folding knives for a lot of  years now, but after using this knife for the last month of so, I have to say, it is every bit as good if not better than the Myerco Speedster.While the Myercos are easy to open with one had, the spring loaded blade in the SOG makes it even easier to open.Great knife, well made. You will not be disappointed.Also, the SOG has a metal pocket clip, while the Myerco is some kind of composite. I have broken one of the Myerco pocket clips but the SOG clip looks to be very strong.
The action is everything I could ask for. It is actuated by nudging the thumb knobs on either side of blade and is truly easy opening w/either hand. And, this is just me, I don't see a need for the locking switch to keep the knife from opening in your pocket, although I do understand why one wouldn't want it to open there. Guess it's better to have & not need... I wish the handle material Zytel, could have been a little fatter, softer, to me, it feels a little harsh-sharp, especially on the "finger" side. But I'll get over it. The blade is sharp out of the box. This is going to be a joy for EDC. It's going to be tough to find a knife to beat it.
I really put this knife through the ringer. I tend to abuse my knives and let me tell you this one can put up with it. I wrote another review on this knife and said it was like a toy. I now retract that statement. This is a real knife, and it will hold up to just about anything you can do to it. SOG, keep 'em comin'... I will buy more SOG knives. By the way, this knife is made in the USA! Not all SOGs are, but all of the assisted opening ones are. I know because I called the company and they said this to me. I really don't think they would lie about something like that. Do you?
I find some of the top reviews extreamly question.There is no way this blade will handle cutting through a oil drum, it will not cut wire unless its very thin. I would be weary of really prying wit it, its a thin blade.I have the orignal seki Japan seal pup. And i know plenty of guys who have deployed with it.Its easy to sharpen, holds an edge. It will handle any lite to medium task you throw at it.The new nylon sheath is crap, get a kydex. The knife is affordble,  replaceable. And wont break the bank. Its a quialty knife but has its limitations.
Ended up returning it and getting the Becker bk7 but it's really just personal preference vs any major flaws with this knife.  It is a whole different type of tool.  The Becker is massive, burly, tough, heavy duty and heavy.  The SOG is light, nimble, and low profile with a much smaller and thinner blade.  I just didn't care for the feel of it in my hand and I don't think it would make a good survivalist knife compared to the becker.  It's too fragile for chopping and hacking and prying.  Nice knife, just not what I needed.
I got it at wally for $40.00 so the price was ok (discounted). I like the blade design, it was sharp out of the package, but with a few passes with the lansky turn box and now its really sharp. The nylon sheath its ok dont have a problem with it. The balance is good but the handle its small, if it was a little bigger and more rubber like for better grip it would be better. I would have given it more stars if it wasn't for the handle, it is still a very good knife from a known brand. I will recommend it if the price is $40 or less and for  someone with smaller hands.Pros:sizeblade designCons:handleprice
Great knife.  Not sure about the mixed reviews on the sheath.  I optioned for the Nylon with a plastic insert (where the blade goes in).  Works great and feels like its built to last.The knife and blade are everything I was looking for.  Although it is a bit smaller that I thought it would be.  BUT I have no plans on returning it, just planning to pick up the full size version as well.I did shop around after deciding on this knife and by far Amazon has/had the best price
Love it love it  love it.I've been needing a camping knife for a while. I already owned several SOG products and have found them to be an acceptable balance of price and quality. This product is no exception. Are their better? Of course! But there are much worse for much more money, as well. THis is an excellent value for an excellent blade that I expect to last forever. Or,  until I give it away / lose it/ abuse it to disrepair. This buy is a no-brainer for anyone in the market for a similar sized blade.The only thing I may--- MAY - have changed, was going for the kydex rather than nylon.... but I do like that the extra storage in the nylon version is perfect for a sharpener or my SOG multitool.
I was on the fence between this and a few others, but once I spoke with a couple real war veterans I was sold.  The blade arrived RAZOR sharp out of the box.  The grip is very comfortable and the weight is excellent.  It comes with a nylon sheath that works great, and has an extra pocket for a multi tool or possibly a magnesium striker.  The vet's I spoke with only retired their knives only after the grip wore out, which was after almost a decade of use.  Great Knife!
The Seal Pup is a great knife to have alongside your pistol. This rode next to my M9 on a Blackhawk Serpa and Omega holster. Held its edge, the grip was good if you were not wearing gloves and is made cutting chores easy. The 4 star rating is because the sheath was a bit cheap. Chunks got torn out of it. The blade finish also wears off. I ended up engraving mine a bit so it didn't look like everyone else's knife. Everyone seemed to be carrying these since they were cheap and sold locally. I would suggest these were serial numbered so you could at least ID yours from another one. Great buy and if you don't have a need for an M9 bayonet, this could be your fixed blade for travel and deployments.
This is a lot of knife for under $50.  The blade is thick and feels very strong.  The blade comes extremely sharp right out of the box.  I gently ran it on my arm and all the hair fell right off!  The handle is a little small and for those with large hands, it may be too small but I didn't have any problems with it.  The nylon sheath is very nice and has a plastic insert inside for the blade so that the blade won't cut the nylon sheath when inserting or removing.  The blade is made in Taiwan...  I felt I made a good purchase!
...but I love having quality gear. I don't use this knife to fix tanks or fight for our country- but you couldn't ask for a better camping/survival knife, even just for a regular joe. The craftsmanship and quality of this knife is apparent from the moment you open the box. I am among those who actually enjoys the nylon sheath, and I especially like the multi-tool pouch in which I can store my SOG PowerAssist. If my multi-tool is elsewhere it's a great place for a sharpener or other supplies.Big thumbs up to SOG!
The knife itself is well made and comes nice and sharp out of the box. My only minor quibbles are that it appears to not be a full-tang knife, and it also is lacking any sort of good strike surface on the butt. The only other downside is that the sheath that came with it (the nylon model with the integrated multi-tool pouch) isn't really that great in my opinion. It's rather bulky and I personally have no desire to store my multi-tool there, but I have a friend with the same sheath who loves it, so to each their own.That said, I have no qualms about my purchase and it's a solid, well-built knife that I anticipate will last me quite some time.
I gave it 4 stars because really for recreational scuba diving IMO, a 7inch blade is too long. The Shorter "SEAL Pup" is a better knife. That said, this is a pretty tough knife. Not as strong as the Strider WB or TAC 10/11, but still strong enough for recreational scuba divers. Those other knives are also way more expensive, like 3x this one.  The sheath which isn't pictured here is very high tech. It holds the knife firmly, has lots of straps and loops for almost any carry position. So a better choice than those cheapy but flashy dive knives from US Divers.
Amazon shipped super fast...yay!I got this recently and it is really a super solid sexy knife.  Pulled it out of the box and shaved my arm hair right off...so ya...pretty sharp edge from factory.  It looks sleek & stealthyThis will be one of my camping knives.  I go camping around lakes and beachs so getting it wet and working fish, battoning wood and such with this knife will not been an issue.  Well balanced knife...feels natural in my hands...will take a pounding and keeps on ticking.Love the sheath...well made and I like that side pocket to store my firesteel and a mini knife sharpener.SOG...what more can I expect
The SOG SEAL knife is a very good knife. The blade came with a decent edge on it. The sheath is very good quality. There is a plastic insert that the blade slides into. A couple things to mention...First, the knife is made in Taiwan. So if you want an American made knife skip this one. Second, the knife handle is a hard (Zytel). I don't know why, but I assumed the handle would have a little give to it. The checkering does help with the ability to grip the handle though. I'd like for the guard to be a little more prominent, just in case my hand ever slipped. The end of the tang meant for hammering won't help you out too much except for small things. It is only about a quarter inch thick. Overall this is a good knife that I would feel comfortable having with me in the field if I didn't have my KaBar.
Very simple yet elegant design.  If your looking for a great simple EDC option that will not take up much room in your pocket and won't weigh you down, then this is a great option.  It has 1 full sized plain edge blade, and 1 smaller plain edge pen knife.Something to note is that this knife does NOT come with tweezers or toothpick.  Nor does it have a key ring attachment.  This knife is more or less something that you could carry when wearing a nice suit.  It's very streamlined and slim.
I bought this pocket knife for my daughter and is just what we wanted.It is good looking (glossy red plastic handle covers with golden logo) and functional and we like the fact that it has two blades so you can use one for the rough work and save the other to have a nice sharp edge when you need it.The blades are a bit hard to pull out (maybe they will break in with time) but once they are out they swing and click very firmly in the open position; there is no play from side to side or nay other kind. I guess it is hard to ask for a firm blade lock and have an easy pull out as well. Anyway, if you have good nails that shouldn't be a big problem.The long blade has a decent size for most jobs that will be used for, and so far I haven't seen any scratches from the other stuff she caries in her purse.Overall we (especially my daughter) like it a lot and we recommend it.
My only experience with playing Horseshoes is when I was a kid with my Dad, so I wasn't quite sure what to look for when I got the whim to build a pit in our backyard.  I went to the local sporting store and looked at sets and they seemed kind of cheesy so I came on here to look up sets and found this one.  It was a little pricier than the ones in the store so I was hesitant to order, but after reading the reviews I did and after getting I them I found they are definitely worth the few extra bucks.  They are quality, well-constructed and Made in the USA.  They feel good in my hand and came with instructions to refresh me on how to play the game.  The paint has chipped some but that hasn't bothered me since it doesn't interfere in playing the game.  I would recommend this set to anyone interested in backyard games.
This griddle is just plain awesome.  My only complaint is that the burners on my stove aren't large enough to heat it properly.  However, since it's cast iron, that simply means that I need to give it a few extra minutes of heating time.  And it does heat uniformly given that few extra minutes even though my burners are at fault.That was my biggest reason why I desired a cast iron skillet in the first place.  Because the metal one I have just didn't retain heat.  It didn't matter how long I left it on the burner, the edges would not heat up.But cast iron has nice heat convection properties which means that I can make uniform pancakes every time.Ideally, even if only cooking three pancakes on this griddle, they will come out quite small.  If you want the restaurant style flapjacks, you'll need a bigger pan.  But this is perfect for myself or even if serving a guest.
This is my latest addition to my growing Lodge pre-seasoned cookware.  What I really like about this one is the size - perfect for two adults, or to make a tasty breakfast for 2 young kids.My sister has the Circulon griddle, and it's much nicer.  But for those of us who care about results, not looks, this runs circles around it in cooking ability.  I'd rather have an uglier pan that cooks better and cleans up well than some facier piece.A light coating of canola oil was all that was needed to fire out some nonstick pancakes on the first use.  Clean up was easy.  the one issue I had, and this is not Lodge's fault, was the batter.  The multigrain batter was way too grainy.Up next, crepes.
I love cooking with cast iron. This pan is great for making those 3 egg omlets, pancakes, fried eggs, etc. The low lip makes it easy to get the spatula under the eggs and flip them. On the down side if you fry bacon or sausages in it, the grease will spatter the stove. On a campfire that of course won't be a problem.However if you have limited space in your kitchen cabinet get the combo cooker. The lid is nearly as large as this one and you get the fry pan as well.On the plus side, this pan being thin fits right under the stack of cast iron pans I already own. So if you cook for a large family and want to serve everyone faster, this is a good way to go as an additional pan.
This is great for baking it just takes some getting used to.  Cookies and turnovers get over cooked unless turned.As for the reviewers who complain about the handle getting hot.  Just buy the lodge signature series with stainless handles (it only costs 5 to 10x as much) or buy a good oven mitt or two.Obviously several of the reviewers are illiterate as they didn't read the care instructions.  But to be fair Lodge doesn't say that you really need to boil water in the pan and then wpie with oil and heat before using.  The pre-seasoning only shortens the seasoning process, it DOES NOT REPLACE SEASONING!
Have had this lodge round griddle for years now and it hardly ever leaves the top of the stove.  This is the pan we used to fry eggs, potato slices, grilled cheese, garlic toast, etc. Nothing sticks to it. Wipe clean when you're done, add a touch of oil or bacon grease to season, and it's ready for the next meal.Not too bulky on the stovetop either. Cast iron cooks nice and even and you can get it hot enough to put a nice crust on potatoes and/or whatever type of meat you're cooking.Bought this for my husband to use so he would leave my pans (and not mess them up) alone. I find I use this griddle almost as much as he does! This griddle is well worth purchasing!
As a rule I prefer the type of cast iron pan that has a machined cooking surface. I have managed to find a number of these but cannot locate new ones and do not have this griddle with a machined surface. That is my only gripe with the Lodge brand. However, this round griddle has worked very nicely. I have had to re season the cooking surface but it was my fault. The grill does maintain that nice slick seasoned surface that cast iron cookware is noted for. This type of pan is great for omelets and pancakes.
I got this because it was cheap and because our pans have all warped over time.  This pan is made of very heavy durable metal.  I don't think it will ever warp considering it weights near 10 pounds.  Anyways, this is a fantastic grill.  Just made an egg on it and it cooked in like 4 minutes.  With our warped pans, it took like 15 minutes after fidgeting the pan around on the stove level to make it level with the grill.  In other words, this pan is excellent and should never warp on you.  It fits our stove perfectly and I am glad I found one this cheap.
This griddle is well made, and built to last. Provided you take care of it, like you should for anything cast iron.Even though it is pre-seasoned, I went ahead and seasoned it again anyway. It can't hurt.This is one item that will be in my camping gear for a long time to come, and works just great. Flipped some pancakes on it one morning, and they couldn't have been better. Also made some reuben's, and it toasted each side flawlessly.If you need a cast iron griddle, don't hesitate to pick this one up.
I have used this griddle on the stove, in the oven, and on the grill.  The seasoning it came with was adequate enough for me to get started cooking right away.  I am a novice at cast iron cooking but have been studying up on the best techniques to try and avoid some of the horror stories of other first time users.  The first items I cooked were some hamburgers and had no problem with sticking.  After several more meals (one including a couple of strips of bacon) I attempted an egg.  I had no problem with the egg sticking and as always cleanup was a breeze.  As long as you take proper care of this griddle I see no reason why it shouldn't last a life time with little to no sticking.  On a side note, my wife has said that I have made the best tasting hamburgers and steaks while using this griddle.
I bought the griddle to use on my new induction cooker as an interface plate - in other words I put the griddle on the induction cooker first, then put a regular pan on top of It to heat. This allows me to use my existing 'cheap' pans with my induction cooker until I can gradually replace them with steel bottomed pans.The griddle works way better than I expected. There is no significant difference between heating a pan of water placed on the griddle as heating water in an induction ready pan (I only have 2 of induction pans at the moment). A cup of water boiled in 45 seconds in an induction ready pan (amazing) and about 20 seconds longer with the griddle in between. I can deal with that!It's a shame that induction cooker manufacturers don't sell 'affordable' interface plates - I've seen them online for $80-$100+!!!! This method works for me and cost less than $15!
Extremely useful especially with my induction cooktop.  Those will not work with aluminum or ceramic pots or pans and the Lodge pans are quite heavy.  But by putting this griddle on the induction cooktop I can use my lightweight aluminum pans and ceramics too.  True, I lose a bit of heat efficiency but not enough to make a difference.  The low lip on this griddle lets me use my pans with handles easily.  I have larger Lodge cast iron pans that will not let me do this.  So for use with induction cooktop this works great for me.
I do a lot of cooking with cast iron.  In the kitchen.  On the grill.  In the fire pit.  And especially camping.  I have 4 dutch ovens, and a multitude of 12 and 10 inch skillets.  But I didn't have any flat ones.  Did I need this piece?  Did it meet a need none of my others were meeting?  No.  But I thought for the price, why not add it to the collection.  I wish I did sooner.  The pre-seasoning on it is excellent.  It worked like a champ from the get go.  And unlike a lot of other 'pre-seasoned- pieces I have bought, there was zero sticking and it cleaned up with a rinse of water and a dry towel.  Boom, done.Eggs, any style, have cooked perfectly with zero sticking.  Bacon, steak, chicken, etc... have all come out great.  I love this piece.
I have discovered, through purchasing this pan to replace a different crepe pan, that I am crepe-handicapped. I tried, I really did to make beautiful crepes the likes of which I had in France all to no avail. Nothing to do with the pan and everything to do with me apparently. I do love this pan though. It is wonderful for pancakes and probably anything else you may want to cook. This is the lightest Lodge pan I own and it is so nice to work with. No hot spots, no cool spots just perfectly cooked pancakes that were made after my bitter dissapointment with the crepe batter. If you are not crepe-challenged (as I am) I highly recommend this pan. You cannot go wrong with lodge.
Griddle came yesterday and like all my cast iron I seasoned it. Washed with hot water, dryed it and put a light coating of veggie oil on the entire pan and baked in the oven upside down at 350 degrees for an hour. This extra step is worth it and as long as you do not use soap you do not need to do it again.Used the griddle today to make pancakes and it was completely non-stick. Not only is it healthier to cook with it browns the pancakes much better than a non-stick griddle. Cleanup was easy, just wiped with a paper towel. Lodge is the best!
This is a great pre-seasoned griddle, I make perfect pancakes and crepes everytime.  I usually add a teaspoon of vegetable oil before cooking to keep the surface extra slick although I probably don't need to.  Making crepes is as easy as making soup from a can.  Be aware that the handle gets hot so keep an oven mitt close by and follow the cleaning instructions, you don't wash this with soap or stick it in the dishwasher. This is one of the few lifetime purchases you can get for under 20 bucks.  So cheap I'm going to buy another one.
After becoming pregnant, I've tried to carry water with my everywhere and not in a plastic container (due to chemicals, BPA, etc.) This sig coated aluminum works great - it doesn't have a taste and it cleans very easily with a bottle brush, and the lid with the hole is very very handy for toting around on my finger or carrying with one hand.I've actually dropped it several times so it has a few dents now, but I am glad I went with these instead of a glass bottle, which is also supposed to be very good to drink out of, but that would definitely have shattered by now. The little dents don't bother me and the outside color/finish is still fine. I prefer this size to the larger SIG sizes as it is not too heavy to carry around in my purse, and this has never once leaked on me. It keeps water nice and cold for a short time too.
I didnt buy it for its trendy looks, altho it is nice looking. But I bought it for its ability to be recycled.Some say the paint chips if you drop it, thats true altho no big deal to me. I'd rather have less paint from the getgo, on it as thats makes it even more eco-friendly.The bottle will "sweat" with ice cold water in it so could get things wet in your purse/ backpack etc.But the bottle itself does NOT leak.Also if you ride a bicycle with it, you have to stop & unscrew the cover to get a drink, not like the squeeze bottles in which you could continue to ride & drink.
I don't say the cap is odd because of it's built-in carabiner support, but because if you fill it just a tad too much, you'll inadvertently create a "bubble" underneath the cap for when you open it, will pop and leak fluid everywhere. I learned the hard way, and now only fill the bottle up a certain amount before putting the cap on.The bottle does keep liquids insulated nicely, but if you want liquids to stay hot/cold for longer, get an insulated sleeve that will fit this bottle.I like the integrated carabiner/clip loop, as it allows for the bottle to be properly secured to a bookbag, or anything that a hook can be hooked to.It feels like it was built with quality in mind, as I don't think I will be worrying about it falling & cracking or denting. It's easy to clean, doesn't leech into drinks, and is BPA free!
Originally I had bought the Howard Leight Impact Sports electronic muffs but had to return them due to fit. I bought these to replace them and I really like them. The fit is really nice and they are comfortable. The noise cancellation works well too in outdoor and indoor ranges. I didn't find the battery compartment too difficult to get in to using a flat head screw driver. The negative thing I found was that the on/off button knob fell off when I first turned them on. Perhaps putting some locktite might help there.
Sound quality was on par with my $29 Caldwell units, and those run about the same size overall. having to run batteries in both sides a negative for me, especially when you have to work so hard to get each side open. i never got the one side installed at all, so label me only partially biased in sound quality.There are better options, and if they weren't on sale, it would be a shame to waste the money on them. Back to Amazon they go. Next guy gets 2 free batteries, I cant get the things out.
These earmuffs are amazing. The price is the best on the internet.Do not listen to the other reviewers who claim that it is impossible to install the batteries.Any competent person who reads the directions can do it in 1 minute.As for the complaints regarding the on/off knob, when you take them off and are about to place them in your range bag make sure they are switched to off.These earmuffs work how they are supposed to, they are low profile and look nice and at this price are extremely affordable.
Thank you for the nice ear protectors!I have already put them to the test and they work great since my ears have become more sensitive over time and a product like this is like heaven sent.I did not mind the battery installation being a little difficult since maintenance of your equipment requires you to know how.It did come apart easy enough once you know where to install the thin flat screwdriver to separate the ring from the cup.I like it's ability to compact to take little room in a range bag by folding up like a ball.
I found that these were really useful when used in a quiet environment with loud sounds that come periodically, like a gun range. When worn with ear plugs, they amplify speech so you can hear conversations in between shots or bangs.However, when used in an area with high ambient noise (engine room, construction site), they function about the same as regular earmuffs because the amplified audio cannot be heard over the ambient noise.Pros: Works well for the rangeCons: Doesn't work well for areas with high levels of ambient noiseOverall: 3/5 starsI recommend using rechargeable batteries.
I purchased this item for a friend of mine and as well as for myself and we both really enjoy them because they amplify the sounds that you hear around you except for loud noises such as gunshots.  Its like wearing the regular type of ear muffs, but with the ability to hear and then some.  We use them for hog hunting and these hearing protectors allow you to hear what is going on around you as well your conversations as if you we not wearing them at all.I am not sure why people complain about them being uncomfortable, but I wore them for over 5 hours and not a problem and they folded up nice and neat just like when they arrived.I would highly recommend them and they take a total of 4 AAA batteries two in each piece and you can control the volume individually.  I would buy them again. They will not leave you a ringing sound such as wearing nothing at all.
Meh...I bought these when a &#34;friend&#34; said they were better than the Howard Leights.  They're not.They do the same job, but complicate the issue.  Instead of one battery compartment (like the HL's), there are two, one in each ear.Rather than a single volume control, you now have one for each ear.  Great if you're a geriatric with varied hearing capacities in either ear, but just a nuisance when you want them both on the same volume anyways.Changing the batteries is a PITA!  Just a really disappointing design, to be honest.  I'd recommend the HL's over these 100% of the time.  Same price and better design.
As others note, battery insertion is pretty hard and takes enough force that the plastic must be close to breaking.  My first set of these worked for an hour and then one earpiece stopped amplifying and instead it started buzzing and whining.  Amazon quickly replaced them (good job Amazon) and the new set has worked so far.  And I didn't break them putting in the batteries, but maybe next time?  Anyway, low profile, good at blocking sound, and the audio gain is sufficient to help with hearing people talk.
1) To replace the batteries in them, get ready for a battle.  DUMB way to do it.  Just dumb.  Have to pull off or pry off the soft rubber circle, with hard insert the rubber circle attaches to, which NORMALLY means you will rip or tear the soft, rubber circle....2)  Turns on accidentally WAY too easy when folding them up, or throwing them around, thus dead batteries, thus having to replace them MUCH more often then you should have, thus, enduring #1 too frequently.
First off, these amplify ALL sounds, so they are useless in a factory where there are constant noises echoing from a distance.When I walk on concrete, my FOOTSTEPS get isolated by these headphones, and the phones mute for almost a half second EVERY step. I cant even hear myself walk WITHOUT these on. They are hot and not exactly UNcomfortable, but you feel much better NOT wearing them.To top it off, I got it at the last GoldBox deal, and I was *NOT* sent the "7S" model I paid $99.99 for. I was sent this 6S model that retails for exactly $79 on Amazon, and I didnt notice until 5 weeks later.
I got this compass because many on the net have referred this as the best compass on the market. I think this may be too much for most users but if you want the best this is it. Its a professional grade product with a lifetime warrantee so you cant really go wrong. Its a little bulkier than most other compasses I have used but it does have a nice rubber housing which doubles as a pencil eraser (for erasing pencil marks on topo maps) and a bunch of referenc cards housed behind the compass. This compass includes an inclinometer for measuring slope grades but I have not had the opportunity to use this feature. Good for orienteering, SAR work, professional pursuits....but might be overkill for general outdoor use.
This compass is just what you need if you're trying to navigate using maps. It's well made and very reasonably priced.The compass is easy to read and is well damped by the liquid inside.This isn't the type of compass you'd want to use for regular hiking, but it very well suited for use with maps and charts. Since it doesn't fold, you'd have a hard time putting it in your pocket.For normal hiking, I prefer a lensatic compass. It's very easy to shoot a bearing to a landmark. Brunton makes a pretty decent unit.
When I considered returning the compass for smaller ones, I learned that Amazon does not accept returns for this item due to hazardous material regulations.  Not a problem in my case, but thought you'd all want a heads-up before purchasing.I purchased a few of these as additions to emergency kits I built for friends/family (see my Listmania lists).  I planned to make the kits out of Nalgene bottles, but the compass is a little too wide to fit, so instead I made the kits out ofMTM Survivor Dry Box with O-Ring Sealwhich worked out better anyway.
This an excellent, inexpensive compass which I use in the car for navigating. I understand that one needs a sighting mirror for serious work, but I just use it in the car. It has good visibility, is lightweight, accurate, and best of all, doesn't cost that much. It's cheap enough so that if I lose it, I can buy another one, and it's more than accurate enough for my needs. I like the green baseplate, which allows me to find it in low light if I drop it. The needle is quite responsive, and you don't have to jiggle the case to get it to move as in many cheap compasses. All in all a good, decent quality, inexpensive compass.
This `easy-to-read' compass is perfect for map and compass orienteering.  It has a tool free adjustable declination for easy navigating and gives you graduations in degrees.  The scale is in both inches and millimeters and the clear plastic makes for easy use on any map.  Unfortunately, there is no site-mirror, which makes for a more accurate reading.  It's small size and price (under $10!) makes for a simple, efficient compass when backpacking or hiking.  It's a good beginner compass, but remember that you get what you pay for. For a little more money you can get a nice "Lensatic" military compass with a sighting-arm.
It is what you would expect a official MLB Rawlings baseball. It comes in a cardboard box with a piece of tissue paper. The reason only 4 stars is one of the 2 balls i bought had a minor blemish right on the sweat spot. The spot was small enough and I was using the ball for a autograph right away so there wasn't anytime to replace it.There is another option that comes in a acrylic display case that you can find for about the same price if you look around which will save you buying a separate display case later if you plan on displaying the ball.If your buying this for a autograph you can't get better than a ROMLB but if your getting something signed maybe plan ahead so you get a flawless ball or buy one in a display case from a store so you can see it before you buy.
The Airzooka is a rather large toy that launches a blast of air up to 20' or so. We gave this to my son for Christmas and it turned out to be a surprise hit! The Airzooka was a little hard for my son to assemble on his own, but he was eventually able to get it.Everyone (young and old) had a lot of fun playing with this toy and the cats soon learned to go upstairs when anyone picked it up (Note: No animals were harmed in the writing of this review :-)Recommended!
I purchased one each for my niece and nephew. Almost ordered one for myself! I recalled when I was a child, something like this was out there & I recall being amazed and in general having a fun time all around. Who can resist shooting the dog with a puff of air or even more nefarious escapades ;-) ?!? Well, when I saw this, I decided that the younger generation should have some of the same fun, rather than just another video game (how in the world do you lovingly torment your pet with one of those??).Needless to say, the kids have had a BLAST (pun intended). Smiles all around!Issues include difficulty and frustration in assembly, large size (yes, I understand the reasons/physics for the size), and durability over the long haul.Still, when the snow is freshly fallen and you send a blast of air at a pile between yourself and your unsuspecting friend or family member--well what more needs to be said??!!
This thing is really pretty amazing.  I took it to work and annoyed people with it all day.  It will shoot an air-ball at least 20 feet or so.  My son uses it until we make him quit shooting his sisters with it.  The dog hates it.  It has been pretty durable as we have had ours more than two years.  The "sights" are decently accurate also if you use them correctly.I bought mine for $5.00 at a "dollar" type store.  At $15.00-20.00, I probably would not have bought it.  But now that I have it, I would say I have gotten at least $50.00 worth of fun out of it.Anyway, it is really nifty how this thing can shoot a ball of air across a room.
many angles to throw.Can throw like frisbee and it will go straight for a long time but you have to throw it more precisely than a regular frisbee.also like a boomerang which will come back in a big circlebut my favorite is to throw it in a reverse circle because it goes way higher and loops around several times. It's fun to throw as hard as you can so that it flies straight up and loops around almost unpredictably at first. Lots of fun! I love thesebut they hit the ground a lot and will wear out. Mine are worn out a bit but they still fly pretty crazily but I want a new one soon just for a perfect flight.
The instructions on this boomerang are so easy to follow that my 12 year-old daughter had it coming back by her third throw. Compared to all the other boomerangs I have seen, it is the best flying at a low price. It is very forgiving when thrown at angles causing it to dive. The instructions on all my wooden boomerangs warn that at a certain angle, they will climb to their last flight and dive to the ground causing them to break. This one has hit the ground like that with no damage. It is best to throw it in a big, wide open field, as it flies quite far with minimal effort, and as it is fairly soft, it may be best to avoid direct impact with surfaces hard, rough or sharp.
I took mine out to a park and in about 15 throws I had it generally coming back to me.  The instructions say if you throw too high it will land to your left which happened quite a bit to me.  I did have it almost hit me a few times when I got it just right.  I think it's a blast.  I'm 39 and always thought boomerangs looked neat but I didn't want anything wooden coming at me.  This is very light with a soft rubber coating around the hard spine.  If you are familiar with the Aerobie Pro flying rings you know they go extremely far on little effort.  This does as well.  You don't have to throw out your shoulder tomahawking it but give it some snap off your fingers to get the rotation started.
I use this if I travel mostly for the wine opener. Seriously if you want to open wine while traveling and its not a screw top why not have this on you. Also it does userfull stuff like cut things, screw's things, punctures things with the awl and lastly manicures things. Its also inexpensive, highly corrosive resistant and RED. They come in two different models that either do/dont have a tooth pick, tweezers. I DONT have the tweezers on mine simply because you end up loosing them constantly and having that empty hole on the handle bugs me. SO i figured to go with out it.
I've always loved carrying the Victorinox Spartan, and have done so since 1976.  It has the right mix of tools for almost any everyday need without being too fat or tool-rich to be unwieldy in the hand.  The bottle opener and corkscrew, as you might imagine, make it a hit at parties.What I love about this one is the hardwood handle, which remarkably improves ones grip.  It's become my everyday pocketknife (except at airports, of course), and I'm pleased to carry it.
I bought my first Spartan in 1979.  I have been using it since then and love it.  I also gave some as gifts to my brother and to friends.  Not a single complaint.  What I like most about it is that it has all the essentials - can opener, bottle opener, cork screw and screwdrivers.  The tweezers and toothpick make it even more complete.  It is not a multi-tool, but it is a compact, everyday handy tool, without frills.I finally had to buy a replacement because my daughter wanted one to go camping - except for a few scratches it looks as good as new and works like new.I Highly recommend it.
This is my 3rd or 4th Spartan.  It cuts, opens drinks, corks, screw drivers...  It remains flat in my pants pocket.  It's not particularly heavy for an everyday carry knife.  The only thing that could make it a better knife for me, would be a single hand opening main knife blade.  My other everyday carry knives open with a flick of my thumb, so when I go to open this, "oh yeah... 2 hands..."  Other than that, I cannot recommend this knife enough.I tend to buy the red one for loss prevention.
Basic Victorinox quality but with an added twist. The wooden grips look really nice and feel nice in the hand. Gives an every day carry knife like the spartan a real classy look. Was impressed that they milled out the recesses for the tooth pick and tweezers both of which fit fine. No hole for the pin though. Wood seemed a little dry so I added some lemon oil. I would have preferred they had the tinker in a wooden handle version because I'm not a big fan of the corkscrew. But I added the micro screwdriver in the corkscrew for added versatility. A real bargain for a wood-handled version (compared to Wenger wood handled offerings)
I've been very happy with my purchase.  My Koolatron kept drinks and snacks very cold with no problem.  As other reviewers have already noted you need to power up the unit roughly 12 hours prior to loading it with items you want to keep it cold.  This unit is not a refrigerator so if you pack it with items not chilled already in refrigerator then it will be a long time before things get cold.Whether my unit will be reliable long term I cannot say but on my recent use I have used it four days straight without a problem.
Product seems well made and arrived in good order. The only thing that I have found bad about it is the fan makes some pretty loud noise. I think it may bother me when I have it in a motel room (I also bought the AC adapter).I have some experience with this type cooler and the others I have used did not have as loud of fan.On the plus side: It fits where I wanted it behind my drivers seat, so my front seat passenger can reach back and open it easily. Quality feel to it and it is not too heavy.The instructions say only use in heat mode 'up to 45 minutes' if that makes a difference to anyone.
I recently purchased one of these coolers and am very pleased with how well it worked, as quiet as a whisper.  The power consumption is reasonable.  If battery drain is a concern, once the Koolatron is cold you can unplug it for a while and it will stay cool for quite some time.The only thing I had to watch out for was that it froze my soda pop because I used it in a cool environment when it should have been switched off.  Only the things in the very bottom of the cooler froze.  Everything else was just fine.The Koolatron is attractive with contemporary colors - white, beige, and grey.  It's slender rectangular profile is proportioned for pop or beer cans to fit perfectly.  It's a well thought out product worth what they are asking for it.  Cool stuff.Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and am excited that I finally have a safe means for storing food in my camper van.
Got this case for a projector I received that didn't come with its own case.  Pelican products are always very high quality and backed by a full warranty.  I received the case quickly and it was perfect for my needs.  The pluck and pull foam insert is very easy to use to make a custom fit for your equipment.  Took me less than 10 minutes to make separate cutouts for the projector, the cord and the remote.  (Useful tip - purchase a container of desiccant if you are going to store electronics or other sensitive equipment in this to absorb any moisture)
This sharpener is a pocket version of a boxed unit I keep in my shop.  The handle reverses to enclose the dual sharpening surfaces, making it a compact package to carry in your field back, if not in your pocket, as it is a little heavy to cart around in your pocket, in case you are bored and want to sharpen your knife.  But as an addition to your kit, it is ideal, and will keep or restore your knife's edge quickly and effective  Contrary to description, it is 9 inches open and 6 inches closed.
I've been using this sharpener for a month or so now. Great field sharpener. I can replenish the edge on most of my machetes, axes and utility knives in just a minute or two. For a really fine edge I would and do use a stone set but this will give you a serviceable edge when you don't have the time to do that or are in the field. Keeps my knives sharp during butchering.It is compact and easy to use. If you use your knives and don't just keep them for show, you need one of these. Very pleased with the purchase and priced reasonably.
We use it for our camping knives...a long blade machete and a 4.5&#34; fixed blade knife. It keeps them nice and sharp. I also love that the cover snaps onto the stones to create a handle, therefore saving space...perfect for outdoor utility.As someone who works in a professional kitchen and has experience sharpening knives, I know that it's easy to wreck your blades if your not sharpening right. I wish this stone came with thorough instructions, but it doesn't so be sure to read up on the internet to make sure you're doing it right!
The product is exactly as described. The combination of the two grits, groove for tip sharpening, color coding, plastic/rubber construction, locking sheath, etc make this a very convenient, portable and durable sharpening tool. Its not going to get you razor sharp but it will keep your field tools sharp enough, do it quickly and take a butter knife to good enough skinning quality in no time. Its also light weight and requires little to no maintenance. The only "problems" I have with it is the width and no easy way to lay it level and supported. Both issues are easy to remedy but perhaps aspects for the manufacturer to look at for improvement.
What else is there to say? I've had this particular one for years and have used it quite regularly on my knife and many other blades. The most impressive would be that I have for years now, sharpened box cutter style blades to extend their life. To put it into perspective the fact I can put an almost scalpel like edge to high carbon steel for years; with the same tool and stay nearly as good as new without deforming is amazing. I also like the small solid spot for sharpening small things like  chisels or one of the various exacto knife tips. The small grove in it is perfect for sharpening fish hooks and stitching needles.Diamond stones are the only way to go if your not a traditionalist.
I recently used one of these from a guy a few desks away from me.  Long story short, after 3 minutes of careful swipes (without water), my pocket knife is sharp enough to shave knuckles.  I wouldn't shave my face with it yet but I'm sure i could get it to that level if I took the time.The pictures currently don't show it but it collapses down to half the size.  The sharpening stone part pulls out and fits inside the handle.  I travel a lot so this is going in my suitcase.
I have a drawer full of knife sharpening tools, but have never been happy with the results - or at least not for long. Some seem to do ok for a while, but then either break or stop working. I expect to get a lot of use from this little tool, and I will regain a drawer in my kitchen when I toss out all the other things. All my knives are sharp now, and this tool is what will keep them that way.The only thing I would change is the size. It would be easier to use if it were wider, I think. But that's probably just going to take some practice to overcome.
I am by no means an expert knife sharpener. Although I am happy to say I have some very nice knives. I've always felt a little stupid for not having the skill nor the equipment to properly sharpen my knives. I bought this stone and I have to say that it allows even a novice to do a fine job.In fact, I have nothing but good things to say about this stone set. I am SURE than an expert knife sharpener would have a different frame of reference but it allows me to put a razor-sharp edge on 154CM, 440, S30V and M390 blades that I own. I'm very happy with my purchase.
These don't last long if you sharpen a good deal.  After a couple of months a significant amount of the grit is gone and you have to start seeking good spots on the sharpener, usu. top and bottom.  Same with my Lansky fine sharpener. When the grit goes, the holes (on either) start catching the edge--not good.  Still, even quality stones wear, and as I said, I just bought my 3rd one in 3 years, so there must be something right about it.  Basically, it is quick, gets a good--not great--I use Japanese water stones for my best knives--edge. Frequently, I have had friends admire whatever knife I am carrying and pull theirs out and this enables me to put a quick, easy edge on their blades and hand it back to them, tickled.
Price was good. Reviews excellent. Tired of using stone whetstones, file, and leather strap.  Knew there had to be a quicker and easier way to have a working edge.Received this in the mail and sharpened the kitchen knives and scissors. Diamond has a hardness of 10: hardest natural substance known to man. I drew the cutting edge away from me so that the diamond surface abraded the metal in the direction of the edge of the knife. My father used to do it the other way, but this seems to work better for me. The edge of the knife faces me and I pull the blade away from me and drag it across the diamond sharpening stone. The metal dust quickly fills the depressions. I gently tap the stone against a Bounty Towel and the dust is seen on the towel as a dark stain. Blade is sharp in under a minute. Takes up little room. I keep it in the kitchen.
Sorry, I'm just not a fan.  This stone does ok for tools like shovels or axes, but I just couldn't get the hang of it with knives.  The diamond stones were too coarse and seemed to really grab the edge and prevent you from maintaining your angle.  The absurdly fat handle also gets in the way when you're trying to sharpen, rending a good quarter of the stones useless for most tasks.  I ended up picking up a set of credit card diamond stones and am much happier with my result.
Great and stone compacts inside the handle for smaller storage.  I bought this to sharpen my Cold Steel shovel and Trail Hawk while camping.  It's just the right size so you dont cut yourself while sharpening anything like a smaller stone.  It worked perfect,  this stone is better for sharpening items like shovels, axes and machete's than for a knife.  I have always been a fan of the verticle v shaped ceramic sticks for sharpening kinves and although this item would work,  its better for larger blades.
There are many cheap red dot sights out there, but few are as tough and that exhibit any kind of quality better than the Bushnell trophy series red dot sights. This one is great as it offers 11 brightness setting and 4 different types of reticles. This little guy is light and compact yet very tough, and comes with a sun shade for very bright outdoor settings. Although it uses mounting rings, they hold the scope in place very well and the sight maintains zero very well. Had mine on my ar-15 for 2.5 years now and never had to re-sight it in. It is still as accurate as it was day one! I have not changed the battery yet either after 2.5 years and it is still going strong, AWESOME battery life. A+
I put this on my Ruger Mark III Target and I am very happy. The multiple reticles would be more fun with larger targets, but at 50 yards, you only need the 3 MOA dot. Easy zeroing and not as heavy as expected, but then again, a Mark III Target is a beast of a .22 pistol. Don't buy the cheesy $20 red dot. Save your dough and buy this quality product. Aimpoints are GREAT, but over rated. If you don't mind the added weight, then this is a better buy.
At first I thought the reticle was fuzzy on this tough little camper, but then I realized that - because the dot it being placed optically in the distance - I needed to wear my glasses in spite of the fact that the unit is only one foot in front of my eyes.  I put on my glasses and voila: the reticle was sharp as a tack.  Holds zero well.  I have both the single red, and red/green reticle versions on different weapons.Only bummer is you HAVE TO TURN IT OFF, or you will slowly kill the battery.  I wish it had a one-hour timer on it.  I've only lost one battery, but when your life depends on it, you don't want to be out a battery.
I bought this to mount on my muzzle loader. It has the ideal magnification for deer hunting in heavy cover where things tend to get up-close and personal.  At the price I paid I didn't expect to get much more than the minimum.  This scope is much better than the minimum.  Light transmission and clarity are way above average.  The size is just right and the build quality is terrific.  My boom stick kicks like a mule but the scope hold it's zero tenaciously. I wish I needed two.
Here is the scoop. I did a bunch of comparison research.  I chose this optic because of its eye relief and rugged reputation. I mounted it on my cetme rifle. It is tough as nails. Zeroed just fine and is fast to pick up on low power and plenty powerful enough for100-200 yard shooting. The optics are clear and bright. Solid system. It does what it is suppose to do. Best quality scope in its power and cost bracket. Easily handles 308 load recoil. My first choice would be the Redfield 2-7 33 mm. The bushnell was half that cost. I use equipment hard and only use good proven stuff I can depend on to protect my world and put meat on the table. This optic system does both very well.
the optic is very nice i am amazed at how i can see very light rain fall 50 yards away..as for shooting with this i have not yet..also i have this mounted on my ar 15 5.56..well update this review after i take it shooting.11/13/12 update i have taken it shooting with my AR 15 and it worked great, but now its on my ruger 10/22 take down and its a perfect fit for that as well. It is also short enough to fit in the ruger bag while attached to the receiver.I wish they made this exact scope in a 2-7 magnification.
I have this mounted onto a S&W; M&P; 15/22 rifle with Millett steel rings and a UTG high riser.I can look through it and see the target fine.  The unit is solid.  It's made in Korea, which surprised me.  I figured it would be Chinese.  I really don't have anything bad to say about it.  We will see how well it holds up.  I probably only have a few hundred rounds through it, but I don't expect 22LR to give it too much of a jarring.FWIW, I like more magnification than this, but I guess that's my own fault.  Now I know.  I also own the Bushnell Banner Dusk & Dawn 4-12 x 40 which I do prefer, but that's because I like more light and more magnification.
This scope is great. i sighted it in very quickly the click adjusters are accurate, this went on my marlin 22 magnum and its perfect for it. when i went to sight in the sun was very bright and directly in my face the scope didnt pickup any of the glare the crosshairs are nice and thin, it comes only with scope covers. it works great when its basicly dark. you could probly see 100 yards at night under a full moon. it was better than my own eyesight. i woild recomend this to anyone.
Owned this scope for 2 seasons. Mounted on my RRA AR15. I was initially please with this scope. Made in Korea, zoomed smoothly, versatile, stayed tight on the mounts and consistently accurate. After putting about 500rds through it I was amazed that the crosshairs fell apart. That's right. The crosshairs literally fell apart. The lens were fine, scope was never dropped  or abused. Looking through the lens the crosshairs simply scattered. Weird. I liked the scope I paid $79.99 retail, and it appeared to be top quality. It held up well. I guess too many rounds went through it. Pretty disastrous failure if your'e hunting for food. Maybe pay more and get something rated for more use.
This is the best scope iv ever had, I put it on my HR single shot 204ruger. It shoots dime size 5 shot groups at 100 thanks to the adjustable objective. It extreemly clear and has great low light transmition. I use it in PA for coyote, fox hunting at night. With snow on the ground its like having night vision although I have a bright cree light atop the scope. It is clear from 4 - 12 and it just looks good. My freind uses a Nikon prostaff 4-12 and we both agree this is everbit as good and even better because of the adjustable objective. Wich his nikon does not offer. I have already taken 1 coyoe 75y, 1 grey fox from 125y, and a coon from 22y. I did miss another fox but it was my fault. Amazon sells this for wayyyy less than any store and with free shipping!
I own several of the Banner scopes and all have functioned as expected. There are better scopes out there that are clearer along the outer edges, and they are substantially more money. The Banner series gets the job done every time and they do so for far less outlay of cash! I also have several Burris scopes for my longer range rifles, and do prefer them for anything over 300 yards, but for me it boils down to the Banner being the right tool for the shorter range cartridges job! Bottom line is they are perfect for their intended purpose for me! Be realistic in your expectations, and you will not be disappointed in this product!
The Zoom range is very nice 6x gives you plenty of field of view. At 18X you don't need a spotting scope with you and you can really zoom in on your target area for some precision shooting.I have it mount on a varmint AR-15 with a 24" barrel. I was able to produce some crazy small groups with this setup.Shooting .223/5.56mm did not throw it off zero or rattle anything loose.I added some butler creek flip up lens covers:Butler Creek Flip-Up Rifle Scope Lens Cover #17 Eyepiece (Rear)Butler Creek Flip-Up Rifle Scope Lens Cover #47 Objective (Front)I used xx-high weaver tactical rings.I highly reccomend this product.
If you Want a decent scope that can stand the pounding it takes from a .308, then this is your scope. I previously bought a Barska scope that  shook to pieces after 12 shots.  After 3 hours of shooting, and more than 60 rounds, I shot my best pattern of the day at 100 yards, and I am not that great a shot ! The adjustments are not as smooth as a $4,000 scope, bit it is not a 4k scope, and bottom line is, it worked fine for me. Two thumbs up For Bushnell.
I mounted this on my Henry lever action .22.  It fits the Henry, which is pre-grooved for rings, very nicely.  I didn't have to get new rings nor take off the iron sights, which was a big plus for me.I am not an expert on glasses so I won't (and can't) get too technical.  Lens very clear at all magnifications.  I was a little surprised nothing was included for "clicking" the elevation/windage, but my pocket knife did the trick quite nicely anyway.  My local indoor range only goes to 50 yards and it took me about maybe 15 minutes to get it sighted in pretty close to what I wanted.  I was shooting dime sized 5-shot patterns in no time (from a sitting position, haven't done prone or off-hand yet).All in all, I doubt you can find a better bargain on Amazon than this guy if you need a cheap yet efficient rimfire scope.  100% recommended.
I mounted this scope on my Ruger 10/22.  The lense is very clear out to 100 yards at 9x but it is useful to have either a reactive steel target or a glow target to help you see your hits.  At this price point, it is hard to beat this scope.Update (05/26/2010):It's been a while since I've had this on my 10/22 and my impressions remain the same.  The scope has held up very well and has survived numerous drops and bangs.  Even after all of the abuse I've put it through, it retained its zero just fine.  For this price point, I can't ask for a better quality scope.[UPDATE 07/25/2011]Scope continues to hold up well and has not lost its zero since I've installed it.  I would consider this the best bang for the buck scope if you're sticking to 100 yards for a plinking gun.
Lets face it, its not worth putting an expensive scope on a .22 rifle.  I put this on my Remington 597 plinker rifle and it works great.  I shot a few hundred rounds this last weekend at 50 yards and had no problems with the scope.  For [...] bucks, its a steal!  The scope is built well and comes with a wrench for the scope rings.  The scope is easy to sight in as well.  You can't really use your fingers, but you can use a spent casing or coin to turn it.
This Tasco scope came pre-mounted on a .308 caliber hunting rifle we recently bought and I have been impressed with the accuracy and quality of this bargain priced scope. The scope came "bore-sighted" so was on-paper at 100 yards and it was easy to get sighted in at 200 yards. The scope has held zero through multiple trips to the range and roughly 80 rounds or so. I really like the 3-9x zoom capability, which is perfect for the ranges this will be used.This is a good value for a reliable scope, recommended!CFH
Not that many &#34;silver/stainless steel/ss&#34; scopes out there, so choices are limited. I never buy high-end scopes because I will break it within a couple of years because of rough usage and carlessness. So, this scope jumped out at me for the money and it proved to be a best buy&#34; in my opinion. It was practically centered (took 3 rounds to center), and after putting 500 rounds through the mini14, it hasn't drifted at all. I run a tactical training program so the 500 rounds were fired by five students at 100 rounds each, and carried through an obstacle course to boot. The rig took some falls and hits, but nothing has taken-out the scope yet. Also, I've read that the min14 is particularly hard on scope reticles, so I use a Buffer Technologies Recoil Buffer (also  bought through Amazon), but I don't really don't know if that helps the &#34;reticle problem&#34; or not.
I really wanted it to work on my 10/22 breakdown, but gave up after getting it sighted in at 6x, then going to 3x or 9x.  It would not hold zero.  3x went to lower left quadrant, 9x to upper right quadrant.  Several tests convinced me I had a defective scope.  Tired of messing with lower priced variable zoom scopes, purchased a Nikon rimfire 4x- no issues.  Decided I did not need 9x on a .22 rifle.  FWIW: I do not have this problem on my large caliber Nikon variable zoom scopes.
Being new to shooting using a scope I have found this one to be simple, rugged and easy to adjust . I have it on a Ruger American in 308 and once I used a little loc-tight  I have no worry about it moving .  My only complaint if you could even call it that was there were no scope rings included with the scope .  But with this set up shooting off a bench I have a .75 to 1 MOA rifle with the right ammo so for the price I can not complain .
got this for my savage fvsr .22lr ,first yess the poi changes with the zoom , but you can figure that out and hold over ...on mills to compensate for poi moving...example-if u got zeroed at 9x and take it down to 6x same shott would be low,vise versa if you zeroed  on 6x ...so with the scope holding off on mils  still able to get decent 1.5 in groups at 150yrds with 22.lr and 3$ammo !! go to rimfirecentral.com to see many of the targets ,yes the 9x is lil low on shooting  100yrd+ on paper but doable ...if they had a 500mm with 16x woulda been sweet
I didn't buy the scope for the case or the stand I was looking for a good mid-range spotting scope that is what my review is for. I shoot 100yds. with a marlin wmr 22 and I can see my shots on paper very good,I also shoot a Savage axis at 200 yds. and can still see my holes in targer, for someone that does bird watching or simular hobbies this is a very good scope for the price. I could read the lettering on a building that was at least 1200 yds. away 12" letters.
This purple Xertube offers extra-heavy resistance co--with approximately 20 pounds--and comes with a door attachment and exercise chart.However you can increase the by stepping closer to the handles. if you are going to do pull ups this is not going to add a lot of weight but just do the job of keeping you toned. this is a perfect band for someone who wants reasonable muscle tone and travels regularly.This band is perfect for those of you who do some recreational resistance or weight training and also travel regularly.  Make sure that all instructions for use are followed. as the bands are quite heavy and can snap back and hurt you causing serious injury.
I bought this specifically for the Jillian Michaels 90 day workout. I am about a month in, and it has been okay. It was the perfect size for weeks 1 and 2, and a little bit off for weeks 3 and 4. However, the quality of the band is excellent. It is very sturdy and the handles are comfortable in your hand. They have a lot of different levels of resistance, so you could probably make a good set with these varieties. I would suggest this band, but maybe not for the Jillian Michaels Body Revolution (unless you buy a few).
I really like these bands for travel workouts. They take virtually no space in your bag and provide enough resistance for a respectable workout. It's hard to quantify how much weight each one represents. For a thorough workout for each muscle group, it pays to get the extra heavy, heavy and medium bands. Honestly, it's good for some muscle groups, like the triceps, biceps, shoulders and even the back. I haven't used the door attachment, but for the chest, good old-fashioned pushups will do the trick on the road, won't they? As you adjust your foot position on the rubber, you increase or decrease the resistance. Certainly worth the money, as many hotels have sub-standard guyms and 15 minutes with these bands can work you out just fine.
I bought the blue/heavy resistance band to use in two of my tube workouts. The band I had no longer provided enough resistance and it was time to upgrade.Two things to point out. The handles are not padded. Not a big deal.Secondly, this tube is about 6 inches shorter than what I was previously using. The measurements are in the description. I thought the bands were a standard length so I didn't pay attention to the length. In order to use this band in my workouts, I need to reposition my body/grip/whatever during some of the exercises due to the shorter length.The band is still a nice upgrade from what previously used. Just look at measurements if the band is going to be used as a replacement band.
This is the first resistance band I have.  I admit I am a little disappointed with what I got but it is not the manufacturer's fault.  I like dumbbells better than resistance bands.  But Resistance bands make working out possible anywhere.  Good concept!  I ordered a heavier one right after I received my order.I do not know what makes a good resistance band good, a bad resistance band bad.  They just don't work the same as weights.  The most expensive resistance band will still work weird because they are resistance bands.  They are not my ideal strength training tool, but hey!  It is better than nothing.Just one advice, the medium is still too light.  Go straight to the heavy weight.
This band is a good quality band.  I have only used it for a couple weeks and it has held up nice.  I prefer these plastic handles over the fatter cushioned ones.  The door attachment it comes with is nice but I am not 100 percent at ease while using it because the ball stopper on the strap that's supposed to keep it from snapping back at you should be bigger.  Maybe its ok, but if you use it with a door that does not close solid then it might find its way in your face or back.  Bottom line is just be smart about it.  Overall I am satisfied with this purchase and will purchase another resistance soon.
For the price offered, you would be hard pressed to get a better piece of home exercise equipment. Xertube bands simply work; you can do 20+ different exercises with them just using the tube and a doorway. For toning arms, chest, and shoulders, these will get you great results. You can get several resistance levels for different purposes; I use these for toning my forearms, and use the purple 'heavy' version for doing curls, shoulders, and chest.At this price, you cannot go wrong. I'd suggest getting two resistance levels, or even three, so that you can tier your workouts according to what you want your end result to be. You can control resistance with each band, but a since resistance will only take you so far.
I bought a couple of these to keep my shoulders in shape for baseball.  They're pretty tough and last a while.  I've had mine for over 2 years now and I use them at least 3 times a week.  I also keep one in my baseball bag to warm up before throwing, so with the dust and abuse, it is still holding up fine.  The door attachment can harm your wooden door if you place it wrong, however, I don't even use it; most of the time I just hook the handles together through a stable beam or something.Good for the money.
This works very well for me.  Its great when traveling to maintain fitness since it weighs about a pound, and I use it as part of a weight and aerobic workout at home as well.  It is a nice change of pace and allows you to do some expercises not easily done on equipment.  As another reviewier rightly observed, its not a substitute for heavy weights to failure.  Its a high rep toning device that will mininimize backsliding when you cannot work out otherwise and add to a full workout with a little something different.  For the price it certainly earns its keep.
It's not really to difficult to review an item like this resistance band. Basically what needs to be said is that it does what it advertises. It offers very heavy resistance. Its a strong band, with good hands, and good length. The only negative is that when you recieve it, once it comes out of the box it is covered in this strange white powder. I presume that it is meant to keep the rubber from sticking to itself however it rubs off on your clothes and is a bit of a pain to get off, as it comes off slowly over 3 to 5 uses, meaning multiple laundry trips for no other purpose. Regardless, its a good band that offers a good amount of resistance for a good price.
I have arthritis and degenerative joint problems; part of which affects my right shoulder to the point I can't use free weights anymore and this Xertube Resistance Band fills the bill.  I use it for my P.T. routines as well as general resistance exercises.  They don't last forever; but they do last a long time and do a great job.  The door accessory works well to let you do cable routines just like on the cable machine in the gym (one of my favorites) .  Tones and strengthens without undo stress on the joints.
I have had one of these for years.  People give me grief when I take it on trips and then beg to borrow it.  It is one of the best products I have ever purchased.  Now that I have little kids they come back soaked and this device (which now has hundreds of hours on it) works great to dry everything out.  I no longer bother packing backup gloves.  I just use this to dry out whatever got wet.  Kids like it when we warm the gloves before putting them on as well.  I do use it for boots as well but they don't require drying as much as the gloves.  If it finally broke I would immediately purchase another.
Was going to install a Yakama rack to my car, and instead of buying it as a compete kit ($1400 out of the box), I searched the Interwebs and found the items piecemeal ($375), so I thought I needed these plugs.  Turns out I didn't need them as they already came with the &#34;Yakima Round Bars Roof Rack Cross Bars (58-inches)&#34; which I had ordered here on Amazon.So, for quality, can't really tell ya.  They are a rubber end cap--they aren't going to rock anyone's world (I hope).
Spent a small fortune putting together a Yakima rack system to replace a different brand that had been on my car 24/7 for the last 14 years..Putting together and installing the the towers, clips, locks and end caps, I was really happy with the results..Today I noticed that one of the end caps had split from about 3:00 to 7:00 and was hanging loose..Checked the other 3 caps and found a second one on the opposite side that had also split..I have only used the rack once since installing to carry my cargo box for a total 24 hrs..The cargo box does not come close to the end caps so it cannot be the cause of the damage..Appears to me to be caused by faulty design or JUST PLAIN CHEAP MATERIALS! used by Yakima..I will NOT be replacing these with the Yakima product but will be looking for something different that I can modify to serve the same purpose..HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT..
The wife went for an Mt Everest Base Camp trek, from Lukla to EBC and back to Lukla- 11 days. The problem was the weight allowed was only 8KG (about 17 lbs) for the porters carry, therefore even extra pairs of socks were a bad item to haul. She carried 4 pairs of these socks and they did an amazing job of keeping her feet clear of all the sweat and ensured that she suffered no blisters doing about 8-9 hours of walking at that altitude.She wears shoes- Timberlands 7.5M and Reeboks US 9.5- probably due to the differences in widths. These socks fit upto US 9.5 for men perfect, and if you are 10+ then these may not be for you.All in all, she recommends this for any prolonged wear and for closed shoes, unlike track/sports shoes, where ventilation could be in issue. Absolute recommended buy.
I purchased this to replace a larger waist pack and this smaller one is just the right size for me.  It can hold my iPhone which has a regular size case on it, a couple of keys that I need and still has room for a couple other small items such as a small energy bar (if you need one), some cash or small (very small) wallet.  I have another Nathan waist pack which can hold a water bottle for long runs but this one is great for 3-5 mile runs where I don't necessary need to carry water all the time.It fits great and does not move around much at all.  I have a 32 waist and I just take up the extra slack in the band by looping it back around through the holes a couple times so it doesn't flop around - simple, easy, effective.
I agree with some of the other reviewers: the strap adjustment is not foolproof.  Once it becomes undone,not easy to figure out how to rethread, unless you are a mountaineer or former scout.  How about posting illustrated instructions on the Internet?The tension and the webbed texture hold the belt to the buckle, but when the belt is undone and is not on you, it's too easy for the belt to become undone from the belt.  Should have added velcro or something.Otherwise, great size (radio, wallet, blackberry and keys all fit in there), and nice idea to have mini pocket, MADE IN USA which is increasingly rare and nice  Does not bounce around.  The profile is so low that it looks OK when my tee shirt covers the belt.
I love this pack. For running, it is honestly a bit large. I have to strap it tight. Perhaps good for an inhaler? But I can fit my camera into my new Fuel Belt so I don't use this much for running anymore... I don't have much to carry. However, this is an awesome safety travel wallet. *Cue the odd looks*. When I went to Thailand and Peru, I first bought an around the neck wallet so that my things would be safe, but then I was worried about how completely obvious it was under my shirt and you could see it hanging around my neck. I looked like the idiot tourist. Then I remember this pack that I have. It fits my passport and cash and I strap it invisibly around my upper torso. It is comfortable enough to sleep in because it is soft and flexible, so when camping in the middle of Cuzco, I didn't have to worry about someone getting my stuff from my bag. It was right on me.
I had borrowed one of these Nathan packs from a friend for a 5k and fell in love with it.  I recently started running and training for 5ks and I was using regular fanny packs and they were just annoying with everything bouncing around.  After using my friend's pack, I purchased this one for my most recent race and it is awesome!  Big enough to fit a cell phone, keys, I.D. and even a luna bar, but small enough to stay put.  I am 5'1" 117 lbs and it's a great size for me.  Nothing moved when I ran.  The pack didn't budge!  I love it and recommend it!! Also, having Amazon Prime shipping is the best.  I got the pack in 2 days with free shipping.
Perfect. Fits my large phone with its large extended battery. Along with my wallet, house key, and some cash. I'm also able to attach my tactical Recon 1 Tonto folder from Cold Steel to the side, very* securely. I'm very pleased. I think I may start seeing if I can get away with carry my Roger LCP in this. It fits, and it's comfortable. Why not.This thing is also water proof so if you are a woman who considers carrying concealed on the trails in case an attack happens, your gun will stay dry. Or phone....lol. it's versatile ;)
My keys, ids & cards, and iphone fit great in here.  Could probably put a gel pack or 2 in there as well.  I like that it has 2 compartments so I can separate my keys or anything that might scratch the screen of my phone.  However, it stays tight enough so I don't feel the contents moving around enough for that to really happen, but just in case.Fit fine on me and my waist size is about 36.  The straps felt like they could easily go up to 42" waist and down into the 20"s too.
I bought this for running daily, along with running 5ks. I put my phone, house key, and my inhaler in it. I have a moderately sized android phone with a rubber case.The waist pack does it's just. However, make sure you tighten it so it is pretty snug, otherwise it will bounce and ride up.One problem I've noticed when using this pack in hot, humid weather is that my phone sometimes overheats. So long as you're not running in 90 degree weather, or maybe if your phone is a bit better than mine, it shouldn't end up being an issue.To deal with the extra straps, I wrapped hair ties around each side to keep the straps flat on band.
I am not a runner, I just walk. But I still need something to keep my essentials; based on reviews I ordered this pack, expecting it to be somewhat bulgy and awkward. It exceeded my expectations in every way! First of all, it doesn't look or feel at all like a fanny pack, it's slick and slim, can go beneath your shirt and you can barely feel it's there. Second, it stretches and can accommodate quite an array of essentials: my smart phone, ear buds, bulky pack of keys, several cards, some tissues...My waist is about 30 inches, so there was some extra length of strap; I just reversed the straps and shortened them (no need for thread and needle, I &#34;sealed&#34; the cut using a lighter) and now it fits perfectly.As sleek as this pack is, it's very good quality and sturdy, I expect it to last a very, very long time.
I think it works better than firesteel but is more susceptible to mechanical malfunction. I have yet to have my wife try it out. I may switch the emergency firesteel in her car with this if it goes well. I'm guessing it will.UPDATE: My wife tried it & got a fire going on her first strike! What is critical to understand about this is she is not comfortable with fire and is not mechanically inclined. She likes this product better than firesteel and even better than matches. It is in her car and I trust it to save our lives.One complaint: You cannot really open the device with one cover. The clip is way too tight.
I chose this item because of its design. The main part being it can be operated with one hand. So if one of your hands or arms are hurt badly in an accident, you can still get fire. It is all self contained. It was shipped very fast, and the product seems to be of high quality. I only started 2 fires with it. Both were one handed only and they started quickly. It puts out a nice LARGE pattern of sparks. You won't work for hours to get a fire if you use this item
After buying the Camp Chef SG90 Deluxe steel fry griddle, it took me much longer than I thought to find the associated carrying bag. The item description didn't say what size griddle it fit and there was another review that said the bag didn't fit right. I have a the Camp Chef SG90 2-burner steel griddle and this bag fits it perfectly with enough extra space that it'll fit thicker griddles too. After paying almost $90 for the griddle I can't see storing or transporting it without protecting it, and this bag does exactly that.
Let me give you a good visual as to the solid build and quality of these inversion boots. I am 6' 6&#34; tall and weight 289 pounds and use these daily. I first put these on and had visions of me landing on my head so i had my hands down to absorb the fall but there was no fall. I would watch the rivets to see if they would bend at all or if the hooks would as well. They are solid sturdy construction. Hard plastic and steel. The padding is fine. I hear about the complaints from people saying it's not padded enough, the padding is fine.I had a microdisektomy and am rehabbing my lower back with stretching, and inversion. I love em'
Not much that I can say in a review for a weight tree.  This thing does exactly what it's supposed to.  It's sturdy, wasn't too hard to put together, and holds a solid number of plates.  The bars are a little close together so it can be difficult to maneuver too many larger plates, but for most collections it should be fine.  The bottom peg is too cramped for anything larger than 2.5s or 3s in my experience, though some 5s may be small enough depending on the brand.
The motion of this machine takes a bit of getting used to, and I did not feel that it was quite as effective as a normal elliptical.  It's definitely better than sitting around on the couch though.  It's also a relatively inexpensive machine, and quiet enough for my third story apartment.  My neighbors can't even tell I have it.I like to use it while I'm watching television.I've found though that the machine itself is poorly constructed.  Some of the pieces cracked or did not quite fit together.  The monitor stuff never worked.  However, for the price, I'm not going to complain too much.
The Gazelle has its good and bad points. First, it is so easy to use! Just hop on and glide! Which brings me to another point, ohmygosh this is so easy on my knees and ankles. With the gazelle..you don't have bouncing on your joints like regular cardio machines, treadmills, etc.  GREAT plus in my opinion!  Also, it's nice and quiet. I can watch tv while I use it, unlike a lot of workout machines.The only real negative is that it's a wee bit easy to cheat on this, there is not as much effort to use this as there would be when you are chugging along on a treadmill or a rowing machine. It's almost too easy.I love it. I recommend it!
It was not easy for me strength-wise to put this together but somehow, with a lot of swearing and grunting, I did it. I've been using it daily for several weeks now and really enjoy it. I have it set up in front of my TV so the time flies while I'm exercising. Some people have mentioned the noise. I heard an annoying clicking but just sprayed some WD40 into the cable assembly and it went away. I didn't bother installing the counter/timer because all I wanted was a countdown timer. I use one that easily attaches to the frame via a magnet (Taylor digital timer).I put the Gazelle on a rug that's on a wood floor. I noticed that it would move, getting closer and closer (rug and all) to furniture as I used it. I put one of those no-skid pads under the rug and that took care of the problem. No more creeping forward.
I have had this Gazelle for a long time and it sits permanently in my living room.  I use it several times a week.  I like it just as well or better than several other exercise items I have in my home.The reason I like it better?  I am a plus size senior gal with respiratory problems. The Gazelle is easy to step onto and off.  It requires no effort other than remaining upright :)Sometimes I just hold onto the crossbar; other times I use the handlebars for a more aerobic exercise.  A slow aerobic exercise, but I am moving!Using the Gazelle does not hurt my knees or any joints for that matter.The machine just does not require any exertion to use! And, it's quiet and very sturdy.  I never worry about losing my balance.It is capable of much more, but for me and what I need and what I am able to do, it works!
You get what you pay for as the cheapest weights you can find you can bet they are cheap as hell shipping is nothing more then a over sized box with paper in it. so yeah box will be destroyed. when i got it the ups man was shocked at how it was shipped. the weights inside show damage from being dropped and thrown around in a over sized box. they work though but huge defects in both weights. I have older cap dumbbells but they are still in good shape. I gambled and lost. haha what can i say huge chunks of other weights are moved around like a junky job of putting them together. the rejected weights this site sells to you i guess. but again your save 20-40$ a pair so that's a plus for little thinks like that.
I have a whole set of these, from 10 pounders to 45 pounders. They are a great fitness aid, as they are immensely portable and can be used in any room of the house, while watching TV, or next to your computer desk. There are a wealth of exercises one can do with simple dumbells: curls, bent rowing, overhead extensions, etc. If you have a bench, there are even more. Believe it or not, a home body builder can get a pretty decent workout from a limited set of these dumbells. They are relatively cheap compared to other brands. I recommend them.Jim "Konedog" Koenig
I have the complete set from 5-20lbs but one of them broke in half. I had it on the bench and when I stood up I bumped the bench with my leg and the barbell fell and broke when it landed on my tile floor. Nothing happened to my floor, but the handle broke completely off about one inch from the end and turned it into two paper weights. So I bought this single barbell to replace the broken one. I am not sure what these things are made of, but I will make sure to be gentle with them and maybe buy some puzzle mats. Photo posted.
Aerobie DogobieTM Disc - YellowThis is our second soft Frisbee for the whippets. They love the soft feel. The blue version isn't holding up as well as the yellow but both are still working well at 6 months old. The blue has a lot more tooth marks.One whippet loves to shake it vigorously while bringing it back so the discs get a lot of abuse. The other whippet is a good catcher. Whippets are very fast and prefer the low fast and long throws. They will easily run down a 30 yard fast low throw. Of course this type of catch requires 2 or 3 victory laps before they bring it me. Its a great exercise tool.
Have had several sessions and it is holding up very well.  No marks on it.  Have a 1 year old 89 lb GS who does not have what they call a &#8220;soft mouth&#8221;.  If he were retrieving game it would look like road kill.  He does bring it straight back but chaws on it the whole time.  Tug of war is not an option and it is not left lying around to be used as a chew toy. It is a bit smaller than the normal Frisbee but thrown properly sails well, for a long distance and floats nicely for the &#8220;in the air catches&#8221;.  I had a Kong Frisbee that dropped like a brick at the end of its flight.  Returned it.  I have found no negatives with the Dogobie.  Very highly recommended.
People would not call fly casing &#34;Easy.&#34;  Like golf, it's a skill that one can spend a lifetime mastering.  Some inexpensive all-in-one fly outfits use &#34;level&#34; taper line, meaning that it is the same thickness throughout.  &#34;Weight Forward&#34; line like this is heavier at the front end than the back, which makes casting easier.  I've used &#34;Double Taper&#34; line in the past, which has weighted portions at both ends, allowing it to be reversed when worn, but I never seemed to get around to reversing it, and this tape seems to suit my casting needs better.
I wanted a light rig and line for pan fishing  and this line fills the bill, I wasn't sure about the color, but it has plenty of contrast and floats easily on the waters surface. Flows easily through my fingers and the line guides.  The line picked up some pine tar from a pier I was fishing on and had sticky spots on it.  However it self cleaned after about a dozen cast. I have worn out a leader from bad false casting and broken the leader line with  a couple of snagged flies. However the Scientific Anglers Air Cel line is hanging tough and cast are getting easier and longer with each session, I give a lot of credit to the line, and recommend it!
I bought a bike rack for the top of my car and while it isn't an expectation that I can lock the bike while it is perched on top of my vehicle doing 80 on the highway, sitting in a parking lot overnight makes me a bit leery. So when I saw the bike rack had locking...and then in smaller print capability with purchase of cores...I was happy and sad at the same time. I was happy because I could lock my bikes atop my car and sleep better at night knowing the could be thieves would be sawing away at my roof rack for a while longer, but sad because it meant shelling out quite a bit more for simple core locks...oh well. No saw markings and I still have my bikes! Thank you Yakima!
These core sets are incredibly useful for Yakima Roof Rack owners. They allow you to use one key for all your components. They are always easy to install and uninstall in the various Yakima components. I have one key that is the same for my four Yakima Q towers, my cargo box, snowboard rack, and bike rack.I would say buy atleast an 8 pack if you buy a Yakima towers rack. You need 4 right off the bat for the rack towers, and then you want several to be able to lock up snowboards or skis, bikes, and cargo box etc.Definitely recommend this to anyone buying a Yakima rack.
I've had this product for almost eight years.  I got the ten-pack.  I used four on my Q-Towers that mount my bars and two on my cargo carrier.  Remaining four are in reserve for future use.It is a convenience to be able to carry only one key for multiple locks.It is regrettable that in order to effectively use this system, you have to forecast how many lockable Yakima products are in your future and get at least that many cores (again, I have four in reserve at the moment waiting to be installed in future Yakima products).I can't really say anything negative except that I wished that I didn't have to buy extras "just in case".Beyond that, can't really complain.But it would be nice if I could somehow order additional ones keyed to my existing key (i.e., which would allow me to marginally add to my system, rather than having to buy a few spare ones up front).
'Lock Cores' are a necessity for all Yakima ski racks, bike racks, etc.  They come in groups of (2) two to (10) ten and they install with a breeze.  You also get a key for each lock and a spare to take to the key-maker for the third.  The one problem I have with Yakima is that they do NOT include these in their rack systems and they have to be purchased separately if you want to be sure your rack (and skis or bike) are not stolen.  What you pay is monstrously expensive.  But they have you by the cajunas, so you are stuck. In the long run, you really do need them to prevent against theft.  They also are weather resistant, but I'd recommend wiping them off after travel.  You also can register them on-line or in the mail to get replacement keys if they get lost (I wonder what that costs?).
Don't expect these locks to make your bike or rack safe and secure from thieves.  There's nothing wrong with the locks per se but the way the system works on my bike rack I can easily just turn the plastic nut past the lock's tab with just hand strength.  While it may stop a quick snatch and run thief anyone that actually looks at how it's locked could easily just rip though the weak plastic and get your goods.  I wound up installing a large 12' cable with a padlock through the entire ensemble when taking long trips where I don't want to have to keep my car and bikes in visual sight at all times.
My boyfriend ordered one of these for his Globe bike and I tried it and love it.  I just ordered two of these for my two bikes.What's nice about this mirror is that you velcro it on to any handlebar.  The mirror also swivels so that when you shift with the handlebar you can adjust it.  Since my bikes are Trek automatics, I don't have to use the handlebar to shift so I won't encounter this issue.The size of the mirror is sufficient enough to view behind you.  I also like that you can constantly mount and unmount this mirror from your bike to prevent breakage during bike rack transport. The easy mount and unmount of the mirror  puts it at greater risk of being stolen, however.Having a bike mirror is a safety issue and in my opinion this is a good buy especially because it's so easy to mount and unmount.
I've seen other reviews of people who had problems hooking this to their bikes or that it fit too loosely.  Frankly, I have no idea what they're talking about.  One strap velcros this to the grip on the handlebar.  You have to modify your hand position for the extra girth to the grip but it really isn't a big deal.  I have another one of these that you install inside the handlebar by hacking off the end of the bike grip.Both work, but this one took about ten seconds to install.
I bought these looking for an extra pair of bike shorts for this coming season. I got on 3-4 long rides each week and just needed an extra pair without breaking my budget. These have really good padding and are quite comfortable. They do pull up really high, a little bit of a granny style, but my top usually covers it and it is better than being too low. I wish they had an xs, I am 5'0&#34; and about 110 lbs and I almost want the small to be a bit more snug, but I may just be used to my compression shorts. Overall I am pretty happy with the short.
I suppose for the price these are good shorts but the problem I have with them is the seam for the chamois. It's just a normal seam with the threading exposed which can rub you the wrong way if not careful. I tend to do 10-20+ mile rides. If you're just cruising a few miles around town, these should work fine. But if you're doing distance, look elsewhere. I also have a pair of pearl izumi shorts which are expensive, but the stitching is hidden under the chamois instead of these shorts which have it going around the perimeter.
The photo shows a 45 pound plate, so the hole looks relatively small.  The 2.5 lb plate is 1/2&#34; thick, with a 2&#34; dia hole, and about 6.3&#34; in diameter overall.  I ordered four, and the small box Amazon sent them in was almost destroyed.  The two five-pound plates I ordered fared better, coming in a larger box with some other items. If the other items could be easily damaged, I would be wary of including them unless better protected. Or it might be that Amazon judged the items to be not so fragile or they would have packed more carefully. Anyway, for &#34;sandbagging&#34; stage equipment, they  do the job.
$1 for 1lb is a good deal. Walmart charges more than $1 for their standard weight plates.These are iron with a matte black finish painted on.It's for olympic weight bars. Olympic weight bars have bearings on the ends that allow the weights to rotate with momentum so you are less jerked by that momentum.On ebay I found plates for $1 per llb also but you need to buy $150-$300 kits. I like being able to accumulate plates slowly for what I need, and I don't need 150lbs since an olympic bar alone is 40lbs.The cheapest would be to find these at a yard sale or a fitness business going out-of-business. But I didn't have any luck finding either of those things. Olympic plates are much rarer I've found.Hope that helps.
I'm XL in everything else, but in these, the Large fits properly.Unfortunately, the pad seems to be one size, and that size is XXXL.The fabric is smooth and durable.  The stitching is clean and looks nice.Unfortunately, there is a stitch in the very front and center, most of the way down to the pad.This chafes way too much when riding.  It's a severe design error that should never happen.Basically, I think these designed for women, and sized for men.
This thing is big where it counts and compacts nicely. I am a college student and have this thing hanging in my dorm room, actually writing this review while sitting it it! Very comfortable and breathable. I got this firstly because I wanted a lightweight alternative to a tent when backpacking and liked the idea of hammocking. The product did its job well, my friends in a tent were mad that they could hear me snoring after 5 minutes of laying in it while they were up for a while trying to get to sleep! It compresses into a small pouch stitched onto the hammock! The pouch is about 6 or so inches wide, 7 or 8 tall and gets like 3 inches thickness. The hammock itself is plenty long and surprisingly wide, very comfortable for me and some company ;). The price is great for this hammock, since it is so versatile, durable, and comfortable.If you are thinking about getting a hammock, get this one you will not be disappointed!
Having really enjoyed the Grand Trunk Ultralight hammock, I thought it would nice to buy a two person hammock for my wife and I. It is of good quality and as described, however, unless you like sleeping in a cocoon, you will not like this. It completely engulfs one person. You feel like you are in a stuffy tent. It's better for two, but mostly I just lay in it and this will not do for one. I will go back to the Grand Trunk Ultralight for single loafing.
I got mine today and was excited to try it out. I went out in my back yard, pulled it from the stuff sack and was left asking myself and promptly found that I was going to need to make a modification because 100&#34; (inches) of rope is nowhere near enough if you are using this hammock for hiking. I swapped the provided 100&#34; of rope with 23' paracord and stainless steel ring a per side. I am now ready to test it out and hopefully it will be good to go.
I am a backpacker and I have been using this hammack now for about two years. I weigh 210 lbs @ 5'10" height. My hammock still shows no signs of wear after at least 30 combined nights of use. With an insulating pad underneath you will master the cold weather. And for summer nights, there is no more comfortable alternative to this unit. They remain lofty and dry in all weather, with the added advantage of being up off the ground - a real plus when your fellows in tents are getting soaked by the rain. With a small effort you can string a 9X12 tarp just overhead and remain dry and happy on a damp and dreary night. Also they offer a great refuge for the weary hiker. And make a great place for a nap. I love this hammock and couldn't be more pleased to own it.
I just purchased this reel not more than a week ago through a different vendor.  I took the reel out to test it and thought it was a good reel.  I love rear drag reels.  This reel,however, is a disaster!!!  My SECOND time out with this new reel, the drag is not working at all.  I can't even set the hook.  I might as well have my bail open for all the good the drag does.  I have 30lb powerpro on the reel which is about the same diameter as 10lb test.  The reel casts just fine, but NO DRAG.  I'll not buy this reel again, nor another reel from this company. I was hoping this would be a good muskie reel, now I'll have to find something different.  Don't waste your money, buy something with quality that has 2 or 3 ball bearings.
I got this as a backup reel because my ancient Abu Garcia reel I have used forever is getting to be a little ragged. For $13 you cannot go wrong at all with this reel. The weight is perfect, the reel is SMOOTH as can be, and I was able to use it with ease as a left handed caster. I put Cajun line on it and had no problems whatsoever. I like this reel so much, I might buy another one! For such a low price, this is great quality!
I have several shimano spinning reels in different sizes. They are great. The drags are easy to adjust and are very smooth, line goes on very evenly and auto bail is very convenient. even in small sizes these reels will handle large fish. In fact, if you need a travel kit, but a good reel in a versitile size and buy the telelscoping rod seperately - the cheap reels often included i these packages are not satisfactory - I had one in which the drag burned out after I caught a few good bass.
First let me say I am a HUGE fan of the OLD hit a way. This new one is basically worthless. The ad says you can use it on a pole, where this is true it does not specify that the pole must be 2 inches or smaller in diameter. How many poles do you find that size? Pretty much zero. It WILL NOT fit around your typical basketball pole as they are 4 inches or bigger.The strap is long enough, but the velcro is not long enough for it to secure around a larger pole thus making it worthless.I think the design is so that you are forced to buy their pole to use the item. If you notice in the picture of their pole it is a small diameter item.What once used to be great is not worthless, Unless of course you want to go out and spend more money buying their pole and equipment to use it.Don't waste your money.
Not sure what the negative reviews are about regarding the cable being too tight -must be an older model because ours is made out of plastic and works exceptionally well.  What we've found to be especially useful regarding this tool is that it gives young players the confidence they need in hitting the ball.  Once your child gets used to using this tool, the batting averages increase tremendously.  It teaches the hand-eye coordination exceptionally well and they boys can hit this thing to their hearts' content without ever chasing a ball or breaking a window.  My only complaint is that I wish I would have found this thing sooner. It came highly recommended from the local sports authority shop, told me that it was their number one selling training item and they even recommended it over the two hundred dollar trainers.In addition, this item is good for all age groups, including adults. Great, great tool, highly recommend!
I read all the reviews and was worried this wouldn't hold at my lake we go to.  Where the jet skis are allowed there is a lot of wakes that pound the ski on the shore.  After using this anchor I can park it anywhere.  Sand - mud - gravel.  It holds fast in everything.  I haven't tried it in the ocean yet.  Funny thing is I was going to buy another on for our second jet ski but I made a tether rope and tied the second jetski to the first.  OMG it held them both fast.  The current keeps them spaced so you don't have to worry about them banging on each other.  One anchor holds 2 jetskis.  If that's not a good test for this review nothing is.  Make sure your tether is about 4 foot from the back of the first jet ski.  You want to give them enough slack so they both can ride out swells. A++
This works well for my kayak when diving if there is no kelp around to tie to and there is a sandy bottom. A grapnel style anchor is a poor choice with a rocky bottom as it is not going to hold well and the arms can break off.I would that it worked OK with my inflatable if I added 8' of light chain to it. The chain breaks up the catenary action of the anchor pulled vertical by the boat pitching on the surface and this keeps the body of the anchor perpendicular to the bottom where it works the best. Adding the chain made for a dramatic improvement in performance.
I use these for a slightly different purpose. They work very well as a kayak leash. I clip one of them on to the front handle and I can pull my kayak up river when it gets too shallow to paddle, before getting back in on the other side of the shoals. That way the kayak just follows behind and you don't wear yourself out bending over to hold the handles. You also can stay more on the rocks while the boat glides around them. Sure, I could have made one out of a piece of rope, but two of them was cheap enough that it wasn't worth it.
These are nice PWC dock lines or lines to just hang on to your Jetski (PWC). I have not had any problem with the Hook breaking yet but if it does I have SS hooks that I will use. This is a decent inexpensive line for a Jetski (PWC). I have a big 3 pass Seadoo and was easily able to attach the hook to the front bow eye. However, if you are worried about the hook breaking then probably best that you look for a dock line with a metal hook.
I needed a whistle to bring whitewater kayaking.  I have, fortunately, never needed to use one, but most groups will want/need you to bring one along in case of emergency.  This item is cheap, loud, easy to see, and floats.  In addition, the lanyard is easy to hook on the loop inside my PFD pocket.  I can use this quickly by reaching into the pocket and pulling it out without detaching it from my lifejacket.  If it were to somehow get ripped from its hook it will float making it easy to recover.  Finally, if it were to get completely lost it is cheap to replace.Highly recommended for anyone who needs a safety whistle.
This is a great lanyard!  I have two of them and I use them all the time.In Texas, like many states, you need a sound producing device on your vessel.  This whistle works reliably even when wet and produces a very loud whistle sound.The lanyard is very durable too.  Most jet skis have a plastic key that is required for the PWC to run and the key is pulled out to kill the engine when the rider falls off.  I have my keys on this lanyard and it has held up to being pulled a number of times.  The clip has never broken but if it did the lanyard has a float!The other lanyard I use on my kayak life jacket.I found the length of the lanyard ideal for the jet ski but I tend to loop it a few times when I kayak because its a little long for that and gets tangled up.To recap its durable, floats, and whistle works great.
All of a sudden, in the past couple months, I've been getting CONSTANT phone calls from telemarketers and creditors for some person who does not live here. Obviously some deadbeat gave their creditors a false phone number, and it happened to be ours. However try telling a creditor that the person they're looking for doesn't live here...yeah, they don't believe you. I've tried blocking them, but they call from many different numbers. We're moving soon, so I'm not going to change my phone number. In the end, I decided to get a whistle...a LOUD whistle, and this fit the bill perfectly! Every time these people call, as soon as they start to speak, I blow this as loud as I can into the phone. I'll tell you what, in the week I've been doing this, the calls have dropped by more than half. It may be incredibly mean, but they left me no choice. I'm definitely happy with this purchase.
The first thing I noticed when holding the item was that the clip was fairly bulgy.I plan to use this as an emergency accessory on my life jacket when I go kayaking.As is, it's not feasible to just clip the whistle to your life jacket, the lanyard is just too short.I stood up and had the whistle between my lips and let the lanyard drop below my chin.It only reaches the &#34;V&#34; between my collar bone.So strapping this directly to your life jacket, as is, wouldn't be ideal if you need to use in in an emergency.I will probably have to add another 6-10&#34; leash extension if I plan to clip this to a life jacket and have it readily available for use in an emergency. I tried to be fair in my rating, the item is still absolutely great, just the lanyard length needs to be worked out. Thus minus one star.
just what i needed for work, i bought a 1 gallon but i returned it cause it was too big so i ordered this one, this one is perfect for my construction jobi was carrying around a 1 gallon milk jug with gatorade in it but didnt look too great. holds a good amount of your fav drink, i tend to drink alot plus this is also great for the gym, camping or the end of the world which you would need this to survive. the only thing that is bad is that the ice melts at a regular pace, i thought it would melt at a slower pace? other than that its great
I have had more than one brand of these and they all seem to last on or two seasons.  This one is by far the least expensive and it lasts about the same.  For $20.00 it can easily be replace every other season.  If you only use them a few times a year it would last five or six years.  We use ours at the fire pit in our back yard as well as camping.  This is a light duty grill.  If the Grill itself wears out before the legs do, replace it with a webber coal grill it will last 10 years.
While this is a very affordable item that has been around for a long time, I am not sure this camping stove toaster is worth the weight of weight of packing. The toast it makes is just so-so. It is hard to get a nice crisp texture without overdoing it and making it hard. I also do not like the taste of fuel that carries to the bread. To me, a better low cost method is to quickly toast the pan flat in a frying pan I already take anyway, with a bit of butter or bacon grease. And it has a taste that my family loves. I love camping gadgets, including many from the great Coghlan's company that makes this toaster, but this one just doesn't seem worth the trouble for me.
Had perchused one of these 15 years ago in a combo pack. That was a great little rod,i had cought up to 4ib smallies,then last summer it finaly broke. So I ordered up a new one. At fisrt was impressed by the revisions to the guides. much wider than my original one. I did relize that the pole was only 4ft not 4'6. I threw on my little Daiwa Crossfire. I get to the lake to pick up a few sculpin and brim. First cast the rod snaped in two, right in the middle. Didnt even get to reel in the line. Just splintered and snaped in two. Only had 1/32oz weight.
What can I say- have never been one to desire expensive saltwater rods- have owned and used hard many Shakespeare Ugly Sticks over the past 25 years- we use them  fishing striped bass and blues off Cape Cod...six of these rods- most this light weight model, sit in the Whaler on the mooring from late May to mid Septemer....most rods would corrode or fall apart, but the Ugly sticks take a lickin and keep on Tickin.....I have had these rods bent over from top to bottom on a 20 lb Striper on a light rod with no problems.....many rods just break....the only issues I ever have are a few knocked out or broken line guide insert-(aluminum oxide??)...I just replace them and move on.....I still keep some of these old rods, 20+ years old, and use them for the grandkids and folks new to fishing who seem to hit the center console when casting etc....Can't say enough good on these rods...they are my best example of value in a world where the name is disappearing
I mistakenly left my fishing rod and reel at a campsite in Colorado. Since I live more than 1,000 miles away I asked the campground keepers to donate the equipment to a local youth group, and I proceeded to look for another rod and reel.This time I came up with the Shakespeare UGLY STICK, 7' medium.  I paired it with a Pflueger President XT Spinning Reel and found them to be a great match.I am no "expert" so I really cannot comment much on the differences (if there are any) in the "pro" rods as compared to the "economy" sticks.  I easily rate this rod 5 stars because it does all I expect from it, and then breaks down into two pieces for transportation and storage.  I couldn't be happier, and it didn't cost me an arm and a leg, either.
I like the 6' version but I think their longer models are really too heavy for most freshwater fishing, especially if you are casting lures. The rods are great for fishing from a rod holder as the flexible action allows fish to swallow the bait before they feel enough resistance to cause them to drop the bait. It depends on what type of fishing you use them for whether the weight matters. Durability and the ability to handle that unexpected large fish that takes your bait is good. If you are hard on equipment, Ugly Stiks are hard to beat. They will stand up to abuse that will trash fragile graphite rods. Graphite rods are strong on a fish and are light weight but they are fragile when it comes to banging them on rocks or against boat edges. Ugly Stiks can take that kind of rough or clumsy handling better. Good rods.
I have always been a fan of Ugly Stick. You can pay 300 dollars for a rod, but why bother when this is 30. You could buy 4 rods, 4 reels, and plenty of tackle for 300 bucks.I use the 7ft rod when bass fishing and when fishing from my kayak, due to the extra leverage. I prefer the 6ft for trout fishing. I also recommend the 6ft for bass fishing, as it allows you to play the fish and really feel the fight. The 7 ft is also noticeably heavier and does take a toll throughout the day.The 6ft would be my all around recommendation if your only going to buy one rod.
Have six of the Ugly Sticks. They about the best rod you cam buy for the money.  Have a couple over 15 years old.  Although the finish is about gone on them they still get the fish in the boat.  The tip is a tad soft for long distance casting but they work just fine for most situations.. They are sensitive with a good backbone and hold up to abuse.  Don't care much for the reel holders on the newer rods.  But, haven't lost a reel yet.Would recommend if you want a decent rod for little money.
I've used Trilene XL Smooth Casting mono on all of my spinning reels for at least the last 20 years and for good reason - it casts so well.  This low memory monofilament is smooth through the eyelets during casting, and it has low memory so it doesn't coil up as quickly over time after being left on your reels out in the garage.  I use my spinning reels less than my baitcasters, but this line gives me a good 6 months of use/storage before needing to be replaced.
***(Updated review)*** 3/23/14Fluorocarbon line is amazing, unlike mono or braid it is practically invisible to fish! No more will you have fish spooked because they see your line. I recommend vanish as its cheap,strong, invisible, and does the job right. I recommend using fluorocarbon as a tippet/leader material, and not as your main line. Using braid for your main line will give you a much better fishing experience. Fluorocarbon tends to grab the shape of reels too easily and tangles (in my experience). Choose your knots carefully, and try the manufactures knot choice, they made it, they probably know the best knot to use with the line. Check online for knots if the one you use doesn't seem to work with vanish.
I use this as tippet material when fly fishing for bass and bream.  It's strong, doesn't stretch a lot, and so far has proven to be pretty resistent to abraison from rubbing on rocks or limbs.  It's tough to break, even when I'm trying.  Bass and bluegill are not really line-shy, but on clear days in clear water, I like to be as covert as possible with my presentations, so this line works great for that.  I also use Berkley XT in 6lb., in the green color for stained water.
Now I'm just a beginner when it comes to doing stuff like spooling a reel. For the most part I think I did it right but there was one part during my spooling process where it seemed to start twisting on me. I flipped the line around and it seemed to start going on fine again. I went out and fished with my new line and only twice it happened, but my line got all twisted up tangled. Wasn't bad, I just used my finger and put tension on the line and reeled it back up. Haven't had it happen since.I'm sure I'm just a noob at this stuff so I guess I just wanted to tell you my story. Other than that I am pleased with this product.
I used this line on four salmon trips in September out of Westport, Wa.  The charter skippers were great at finding salmon, and when I hooked fish, this line just did its job and never gave me a concern.  I used the 20 lb. clear line.  It easily handled the 8-12 lb. Coho we were lucky to find and catch.  It's rather nicely limp and smooth in the reel, and it cooperates when you tie knots. If you need monofilament, this is a good choice.
Nothing worse than getting fishing line and having part of it come off the spool in shipping. I had to reel off about 100 yards or so before it caught up with the issue. The spool is too small for how much line they pack onto it. It was packaged well, its just a flaw in the manufacturing. I got the 10 lbs version and it casts like knotted mess. I have had to hand retrieve lures because upon casting it gets caught up on it's self. I've only run into this with real cheep line. If you are trolling though, it is probably not an issue.
I've been using Berkley line for as long as I can remember. Its always held up well and the knots stay tied. Of course with large line like this Big Game version you'll need to use a wire leader. Don't blame the line if you don't.  As with all fishing line you'll need to change it out once in a while, depending on how often you fish. It's also a good idea to give it a good rinse with fresh water after each use. The green tint on this version is great for the Gulf of Mexico, making it totally invisible.Highly recommended.
Big Game works well, has good knot strength, has low memory, behaves well during casts on baitcasting and spinning reels, has good abrasion resistence, and is very affordable.  I have used 10 to 15 lb Big Game for freshwater school size striped bass and saltwater calico bass with no problems.  I have also used 20 to 60 lb Big Game for multi-day Baja trips for tuna and yellowtail also with no problems.  When you go on multi-day baja trips you end up spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars on the trip, fish cleaning, tips, etc.  Using Big Game line is a good way to get good quality line at an affordable price.  There are lines out there that might be better and cost way more but also might have too much memory (too stiff) or perform strangely during casts (i.e,Maxima, Izorline).  Big Game is user friendly, likely wont let you down, and wont break the bank.
I'm only sparring 2-3 times a week but these leave my gloves with a nice wood chip smell and dry 'em out pretty well. They go all the way down the glove, not to the finger section though. And the glove dogs are also connected together kind of like a lanyard with hooks. So you can disconnect them from each other to keep them separate or leave them attached and hang your gloves up.A side note would be that you could probably make some homemade 'glove dogs' simply by putting dried wood chips of your choosing into a pair of socks, tying the ends off, and putting those in your gloves. Although I haven't tried it personally I imagine it would work just as well.So yes it is a decent product but you could probably DIY if you wanted to.
Bought this one along with a different finger tab for my girl's bow because a 20lbs draw weight was too harsh on her fingers.  As cool as it looks, the leather tips are just too stiff and slippery to grab the string without constant fear of it accidentally slipping off in mid-draw unless you either monkey-grip the string or are VERY careful to keep the pads of your fingers flat against the string.As my girl pointed out, adding razorblades to the fingertips would make for a killer Freddy Krueger glove on halloween, though!
It's not a bad product for what it is. I would blame myself for not doing the research before buying it.I didn't want to be a finger tab because they always feel awkward, so I definitely wanted a glove.The two problems though:1. It does unravel off your fingers a bit and when you try to snug it down, it can cut off circulation a bit. =/2. It only protects the top part of your fingers, so unless you use the tips of your fingers to pull back the string, you're SOL.I was so disappointed in this glove, I just gave it to my little brother who is also getting into archery with me. Luckily the starter bow I bought isn't too rough on the fingers, but the 50# longbow I acquired roughs them up, so I'm back on the market for a good archer's glove.
Normally I wear a XXL glove, but with this, i would probably be ok with a medium, or maybe a large. Ordered an XL, and I have fat fingers, yet the leather keeps popping off of my ring finger, and is loose on the middle & pointer fingers. If you are skinny, this will probably be worse! I'd recommend either order at least 2 sizes small, or keep looking.As far as the quality of this glove is concerned, it seems to be perfectly average. Nothing special or noteworthy, but also no huge negatives. The way the leather is sewn together on the fingers takes a little getting used to, but that's what practice is for!
You know.... I'm not going to battle with the Knights of the Round Table, but being out there in the deep woods with Coyote, Bear, Fox, Mountain Lions, wild dogs, etc. etc. etc. ........  I just feel better having TEN bolts with broadheads on them.  :&#62;)  THIS is the first hip quiver I have ever bought.  It is designed well and the leg strap is a definite plus that I would not have thought about.  I have put all carbon bolts in it with three blade broadheads and believe it is going to work really great.  It stays out of the way when walking and I think it stays close enough to the body that it will not get hung up on a lot of stuff.
I have another hip quiver, and from the picture I thought this one would be identical to it. It is not. This one is larger and heavier. The clasp that secures the quiver to your belt has the rotating part on the inside next to your hip instead of on the outside where it would be out of the way. The quiver does appear to be well made and should last for many years.Update: My original review was only three stars...however. I purchased this quiver to be used with crossbow bolts and after using it for awhile I have changed my rating from three stars to five. It is not only well made but the spacing and the rubber material used in making the bolt (arrow) keeper is superior to my other hip quiver. I used both hip quivers on a recent hunting trip and it performed very well; so well in fact that i felt a need to update this review.
Needed a quiver for the crossbow bolts that I could carry, attach to my pack or hang while in my treestand.  I'm not a fan of the quiver under the bow and this one allows for several carrying options.  It's nicely built and rigid so it won't be bending or flopping around on you.  Not the lightest quiver but securely holds my bolts with or without broadheads.  Have yet to use this in the field but believe it's going to be easier to tote and hang in the tree than the quiver that came with my wicked ridge.  Also has no "hard" parts that will clink or clank.
this is not meant for hunting. i have no idea why people say otherwise. ok if you walk to a nice stand that is easy to get to and don't stalk around.i hunt public land and hike about a mile to two miles in, sometimes trhough some nasty stuff. this thing gets caught on everything, and when it does it falls apart, the arrows fall out and its just plain and simple silly.i strapped it backwards to my pack with some paracord and it made it out of the woods with less pain. promptly returned to store.avoid this and save syourself headache
These arrows are all you need for any barnett crossbow.  They hold up after repeated use shoot strait and way in around 300 grains.  After doing some research on barnett crossbows they now recommend 400 total grains for their x bows down from 425 which they use to require.  So that makes it easy put a 100 grain plus head on it and you are good to go no need to replace insert or nock for weight adjustment.  Don't really see a need at all to change bolts and would recommend this for other x bow brands even.  Good hunting..  These are the head hunters too by the way in case its not obvious because of the picture.
Don't try shooting them over 70 yards when it's windy or on concrete :) I got these to replace my previous set after I went target practice on a windy day and decided to try them out to 70 yards. They were flying around like crazy after 60 yards. Up to 60 yards I can shoot bullseye all the time. When they hit the concrete base of the target they disintegrated like chopsticks. These have two layers of carbon fiber but also a few layers of fiberglass internally... Overall they work fine for me but know their limitations. The fact I bought a second set means a lot.
I am shooting these into a Yellow Jacket target at 30 yards distance with a Barnett Wildcat with a red-dot scope (came with the crossbow) firing at 350 fps.  The only reason I need to buy more of these is that they fly so consistently true that I need to replace them periodically because of damage inflicted by hitting them with other arrows.  Not bragging, just commenting on the quality of the arrows!BTW, you cannot buy Barnett 4-arrow quick-detachable quivers without 4 arrows with it as part of the package.
These are a little pricey at my local outdoors store so it was nice to find a lower price on Amazon (as I usually do). Solid quality here, nothing fancy but absolutely no issues with them. The field points are very durable and versatile. They have flown straight for me and the fletchings have held strong. Keep in mind, the fletchings are not meant to keep the arrow on target. They are only meant to keep the arrow straight as it flies through the air. If they get a little beat up or wavy they will still work fine out to most distances! Recommended!
I have been practicing with these bolts for several months now and have had only one lose its fletchings and that was because it went through a wood fence. None of the shafts have splintered or broken and all of the nocks are still good. Only one thing but its not a negative; the Amazon picture shows the bolts with green and black fletchings and all I have received had red and orange fletchings. I like the Red and orange better because they are easier to spot in tall grass. Excellent bolts. Don't pay more.
I have a Barnett Panzer V Crossbow, and it came with shorter bolts and they were junk. I bought these for the length and the stability. They last for as many shots as you want, as long as you don't hit a tree or plywood or somthing as solid as concrete. They fly well, and out perform the regular bolts that come with the crossbow. I would recommend using Grim Reaper Mechanical Broadhead with these, as I have had really good results with the combo. Animals don't stand a chance, and it wastes almost no meat if placed well. Happy hunting.
The dial turns for perfect 3 part fletching gluing.  It also includes a 4 fletching ring for the jib.It takes just a little eye-estimate effort in lining up the magnetic clip to your arrow shafts, but once it's set, get your glue, timer, and vanes because you are about to do all your arrows.the great thing is that if you want to do the offset or spiral vanes, you just need to buy the clip for &#34;right&#34; of &#34;left&#34; and use the same jig.There are mounting holes in the base, so you can hard mount it through some wood onto a bench or just do what I do, place it on the coffee table as I watch TV. I compared my redone vanes to a &#34;professional&#34; shop.  Yeah, mine were cleaner, straighter, and overall better installed.  The shop has stupid amounts of glue and some vanes weren't straight, well, I fixed those.very good product for the budget.
I bought these for marking our path in the Black Elk Wilderness Area where you are required to camp at least 1/4 mile off of the trail in certain places.  The plan was to use these while walking off-trail to find a camp site then retrieve them the next morning when heading back to the trail.  I know, it's only a 1/4 mile but sometimes it's hard to reacquire a wilderness trail just using a compass.  Unfortunately, the daytime visibility is not so good with these markers so I used plain old flagging tape instead.  There's nothing wrong with the product it's just that it's so narrow that I can't see the red side farther than 60 feet during the day.  However, I gave these a good rating because the nighttime reflectivity of these strips is excellent.  I'm a little skeptical of their 100 yard claim but if you need to mark a trail every 100 feet or so that can be followed with a flashlight then this is the product for you.
Bought this for my go bag and, though I haven't used it yet it so far is exactly what I needed: compact, multiple color options, closes securely (at least enough for my purposes), and there seems to be a fairly decent amount of each color.  Of course, since I haven't used it yet I cannot speak to the validity of the claims made in the description regarding applicability, ease of removal, or how well the paint stays on through sweat and several hours of work/trekking.So, if you're looking to have something to decrease the...recognizability of your face to keep in your go bag/BoB/EDC as a just-in-case item, and don't want to spend a ton of money on it then this will most likely fit the bill.
I like to be organized and this bat serves the purpose of keeping our baseball dugout clean and orderly.  Easy to manage and clip to the fence.....the only complaint that I have is we have to stick the hand side down unlike what the picture shows.  The barrells of our bats are to big to fit in like the picture shows.  Its not a big deal because it allows the boys better see which bat to get.  It does make the bag top heavy....meaning the bats kinda lean out of the pocket a bit.  Overall a good product for the price, and keeps our bats organized.
I coach Little League. There is no way I am spending $50 for a bat rack. The prices of bat racks are rediculous! This bat rack is super nice and has a great price. Easy inspection for umpires to check bats before game start, all right there, and every kid has a stall for their bat. I borrowed an easton bat rack from the league last year because I didnt have my own. This is just as nice as the easton, infact almost exactly the same but doesnt have the labels....both double as a bat carrier when not hanging on the fence. I reccomend buy this and not the over priced bat racks. I am stoked about this purchase.
I might have to re-review this tool if I ever cut anything with it, but so far I have been unsuccessful.Amazon suggests other people have bought a slingshot with this tool, which I assumed was used to shoot the weighted bag over the limb.  Save your money...the slingshot is not nearly powerful enough to send this bag more than a few feet, especially when weighed down by the rope and saw.  Throwing the bag by hand is more effective.When throwing the bag, be sure not to catch the metal hook on your finger, or it will cut you.After several attempts at throwing the bag over a 40 ft high limb, I instead got the weighted bag and rope wrapped around a limb of a different tree, and couldn't get it loose.  I ended up just cutting both trees down with a chainsaw to be done with it.It seems like a good idea in theory, but it didn't work out for me.
Smile?  Yes, I bought this out of desperation but it works so well, and so easy that three of us working with it the first time all started smiling.  I know none of us thought it would really work.  Requires two people, but is fast and easy.The downside, some of the limbs we were trying to trim were about 30' up. It took a lot to finally get the weight bag over a limb.  It's harder than you might think.  Then there's the problem of getting the chain right side up.  There's a weight on the chain that's supposed to make that automatic, but you'll either have to be patient and try several times to get it right or add some weight to the bar.A large limb may work best with two cuts, but the chain does most of the work.Amazing and safer than climbing a tree.  Very happy with this.
I bought this air horn for my survival kit. It is very loud, and efficient. But don't let looks deceive you. This horn is very small. It also is very dangerous. Do not bring it around kids. It will cause hearing damage. When you sound the horn, make sure you hold it away from your face. If you hold it too close, it will hurt your ears. Also, do not hold it sideways or upside-down. Otherwise the juice that powers the horn will squirt out. Besides the safety issues I am pleased. Bottom line: If you can handle the proper safety measures and need this Item, buy it.
I carry one of these with me in the woods and camping as a bear deterrent. This little pocket sized horn is as loud or louder than anything else I've seen and some are 2-3x it's size. It's small, compact but super loud. I know it's made for boats but it works well for scaring nuisance animals like bear away from campsites and is good to keep in your backpack if you are hiker. Get lost and you have something that people can hear for 1/2-1 mile away.
I got this horn for home protection, as I read where a guy interviewed several career burglars in prison and the thing that would drive them out of a house faster than an alarm or barking dog was a loud air horn.  Think of it as a poor man's portable active denial system. I was skeptical at first, but when I sounded this horn, I was convinced it would work. It is supper loud and completely annoying.  For sure I am prepared to defend my home with more lethal force, but I wanted some non-lethal options as well.  For those that are not comfortable with firearms in the house, this is a great alternative.
Super loud 120 db, hurts ears enough to cause some temporary hearing loss even when aimed away from you. It is unacceptable for one reason (and should be 1-star rated): there is no way to lock it to an off position, so it can easily go off accidentally when the top button is pushed. How can you transport it or store it without it perhaps going off and deafening someone nearby by jostling it -- you can't, since there is no off switch. You would not want a gun with no safety and this weapon against your own hearing is unacceptable because there is no safety (ie. off switch).
If you want all the technical details, then search the internet for this stuff.  If you just want something that you can clean your dash, your fake leather seats, your boat cover, your targa top, and my personal favorite: rubber automotive weatherstripping, then you want this product!  No shiny streaks like Armor All and it doesn't leave a bad smell either.  It is easy to apply and stays wet long enough to move around and get things clean and protected.I highly recommend this product for pretty much all of the uses that it is listed for.  Car enthusiasts, this is a must have product!!
Been using Aerospace 303 for years. This is an outstanding product. It is a bit pricey but worth it. A bottle goes a long way.I used to use Armor All but this stuff beats Armor All hands down.Armor All leaves a greasy (which likely comes from silicone additives) feel to surfaces. It also does not last very long.Aerospace is not greasy and seems to last much longer after it is applied.Used it on my cars, motorcycle, sports gear, tools and equipment. Good for dozens of things....
I started using this as tire shine (instead of tire foam in a can) a few months ago - it lasts longer and makes the rubber look brand new!  It's water repellant so even through some puddle or rain, your tires look fantastic.  I wipe this on withChemical Guys ACC_300_5 - Durafoam Contoured Large Tire Dressing Applicator Pad (Pack of 5)and in 5 minutes I can have the tires sparkling, without any overspray on my garage floor (and clean hands, too)!  I also use this inside my car on the leather and dash instead of Armor-All or similar leather conditioners - it doesn't seem as greasy and I've read it's better in the long run for your interior.
My two seater convertible is subjected to the indignity of being left outside, exposed to the elements in South Florida due to the lack of a garage.  Especially in our rainy season, we receive torrential downpours daily.  This 303 Protectant is almost miraculous at it's ability to bead up those downpours as if they never happened!  A few common sense suggestions if you're using it for the first time....make sure to thoroughly clean your surface first or you'll just trap contaminants and acids.  It's better to apply several light coats than to try to drench the canvas. Allow to dry completely before reapplying.  Take the extra time to tape off painted areas or at least apply cautiously. Give extra attention to seams and sewn junctions. I've tried numerous products over the year sand this it by far the most effective. (Six hundred 5 star reviews should say something!)
This works great for dashboards, plastic interiors and black outside trim.  However it streaks on tire rubber and doesn't darken tires as much s other products. I do recommend it for trim and interiors only.  I followed directions and left the spray on the tires for a full 5 minutes before wiping.  It's water based so that is probably the reason it doesn't work well on tires.  I believe it does help to PROTECT tire rubber, it just doesn't give it the "Wet" look.
I've been purchasing this product over the course of a decade and still love it. It's similar to ArmorAll but doesn't leave a thick, oily residue. I mostly use this when detailing cars since it literally brings a nice, like-new sheen to interior plastics (particually dashboards and interior plastic door panels). On occasion, it can smell like REALLY bad B.O. (body odor) but its because the product has sat too long. I recommend buying small bottles if you won't use a lot of it in a year or two time unless you don't mind the smell.
I have used this product on my kayaks for the last couple of years and have been very satisfied , so when I located this on Amazon for a fraction of the price of retail  stores I jumped on it. After cleaning My kayaks I apply the 303 protectant, they look new again but better than that the protectant leaves a hard shell coating allowing the kayak to glide through the water with ease.I have also used this product in my cars on the dash and tires , it protects the dash and tires from drying out and cracking and gives a nice look clean look.
It is hard to assess a product like this.  If it does what it claims to do - namely provide UV protection - then it is a superior product to others products like Armor All, which makes stuff &#34;look&#34; pretty but provides no UV protection.  UV rays murder things exposed to sunlight, esp. rubber, fiber glass, etc.  I regularly apply it to my trailer cover, tie down straps, boat hull/deck and the likes.  Until proven that it does not work, I will continue to use it.
This stuff is legendary.  It is pricey but has so many applications that it's ridiculous.  I bought the 32 oz and have used it on everything from boats, to car interiors, tires, vehicle weatherstripping, plastic outdoor adirondack chairs, and the original intended purpose, which was to restore the plastic panels on a Honda Element, which it did very well.If you are using Armor All on your vehicles STOP!  The alcohol present in Armor All is actually robbing your dashboard and plastic of oils meant to preserve it.  Alcohol evaporates and dries out your dash prematurely.  That's why you have to keep reapplying it.  Not with 303.  This stuff was engineered to preserve the cockpits on fighter jets.  There's no alcohol to rob your dash, tires, vinyl,etc; this stuff is designed from the floor up to preserve your stuff. It's just a happy coincidence that everything looks really nice after using it :)
Any place you have plastic that bakes in the sun, you need this.  Dashboards, bumpers, dinghies, gaskets and tires all benefit from slathering on 303.  On most of the exterior gaskets on my 8 ton M35A3 I slather silicone on them.  But use 303 on the six tires that now cost $1800 apiece and weigh about 300 lbs with wheels and run flats.  They dont get used much, and baking these in the sun is the fastest way to decompose them.  Keeps the Michelin rubber nice and soft...and no cracks.
I gave this five stars b/c it does what it states and makes getting the car detailed much quicker than having a variety of products. In other words this can be used on the bumpers, tire walls and literally all the black on the outside of your car. It doesn't give a bright shine but does give it a deep dark look and for me that's what I can live with as the shiny vs dark simply is a preference I no longer worry about as much as the clean deep buffed overall look of having a nicely detailed car that shows it's been detailed.
We use this product on all of our boat canvas (which is Sunbrella), and when applied properly, it's amazing.  It is important to clean the cloth well and let it dry thoroughly first.  We wash small items in the washing machine on delicate with Ivory detergent; for larger items, we use the 303 Products Fabric Cleaner.  We have found that the key to good waterproofing is to actually follow the directions and let the cloth bake in the sun after spraying on the repellant.  What I love is that the water beads on the cloth as if it was waxed, yet the cloth retains its flexible hand.  This product does not stiffen or whiten the cloth.
this stuff is awesome.  i wish I knew about it years ago.  I have tried all kinds of stuff on my 1998 Mitsubishi eclipse convertible top that leaks horribly.  Seriously the leaking was so bad that one of the motors for the convertible rusted and seized up, the radio stopped working and the alarm was a little haywire.  Granted the car was 10 years old, but I sprayed this stuff on and no more leaks.  The water used to seep in through the roof and pool in the arms that hold the roof up.  When you would drive and brake the water would slosh and splash on me.  Covered the top with this stuff ( didn't even use the whole spray bottle) and the car completely stopped leaking.  I've since sold the car cause the damage was done, but now I use this stuff on my tent, my softopper for my truck and anything else I can think of.
I used this on a polyester (soft fabric) inner shower curtain. It works. It does not discolor the fabric. Is it permanent?No. What else can I say? Follow the directions carefully. Best use is on jackets, sofas, patio furniture and umbrellas. Too much constant water will defeat this. It is not some magic oil that will seal a life raft. It just makes your stuff &#34;mostly&#34; waterproof for a while. I was hoping for better results but now that I know its limitations I am happy with it. Use it on things that get splashed with water and you will be amazed; use it on things that get soaked and you will be amazed and then disappointed. It doesn't smell very much either. Best to do it out doors.
I applied this to a new boat cover to waterproof it using a hand spray pump. I think they key is really saturate the fabric with this product, allowing it to penetrate. The first rain has come, and the water is literally rolling off the cover in huge drops. Cover still looks perfectly dry. I have a 20' boat, and used almost the entire bottle to waterproof it, so it does take quite a bit.It's expensive, but it has worked great for me so far so it's been worth it.
The fine mist application makes this super easy to apply. I did two very light coats on my S2000 fabric top (not the OEM vinyl top) and the results were amazing. The product dried w/in several hours (5 hours in the sunlight). I tested the protection w/in 24 hrs and the water just beaded up and rolled right off. The most time consuming part was prepping the vehicle to ensure the paint and windows were covered up (note: recommend applying in a garage, and then letting it dry outside, under the sun). Two very light coats or one heavy coat will do the trick. I highly recommend this product over the Raggtopp product. Good stuff!
I was looking for an electric knife to make slicing my round loaves of bread easier. Unfortunately, the crust on my loaf was barely being cut by the sawing action of the blades.Maybe I was using it incorrectly. The blades sawed back quickly and smoothly, but regardless of the amount of downward pressure I applied, the action did not slice my bread.It was also much larger than I expected it to be.  I did not try cutting anything else with it, since I only needed it to cut bread.  And I did not try cutting a softer sandwich loaf.
i finally got the just to use this product this past wknd.i researched tons of these products and decided on this knife. all i can say is wow. my son caught two cats about 5 pounds.i was done in seconds on the first fish with no messing up,lucky me.blades are super sharp,balance was good.people complained about the curly cord,but i used a small and light extention cord, and had no issues. it was only two fish, but i felt it was worth every penny. im the only one who cleans the cats and i was looking for a quicker way to fillet and i found it.i will get a better feel for the knife,when i catch more. i hope this helps.
I tried to buff out a scratch with some 3000 grit wet sanding abrasive and it removed the scratch but left a haze.  I figured I would try this product to remove the haze and it came off in two applications.  It looked so good that I used on it all of instrument cluster and the covers look brand new.  It didn't seem to affect the reflectiveness of the plastic either, I have seen some products which will either dull or brighten but this one matches the factory look.  For reference it was a 2011 VW Golf that I used this on.  I would highly recommend this product for light marring, scratches, or haze, it would probably take way too many applications for anything more advanced.
I have used PlastX on my cars and my friends' cars as well.  This is the easiest way to polish our headlights to make them look great again.  I have a 5 year old Toyota Sienna and I park it outside so the LA sun is just punishing the plastic headlight and tailight cover.  Once a month, I apply a little PlastX to my headlights and it keeps it looking new.I just apply a little on a rag and I spread it on the headlight.  I then proceed to buff it with another rag.  I do not use force, just like buffing the wax on my car.  And then I remove any excess.  Very simple, and it really works.  My car looks better than when it drove it out of the dealer's lot.  I use Mequiar's other products to keep my car looking new.  No need to buy a new car because my car looks really good.
I literally went outside with 2 rags and a bottle of this stuff, and within 5 minutes both my headlights looked atleast 30% clearer.It took nearly no effort at all, rub on, wipe off, and wow, the difference was noticeable instantly.I have 95% of the bottle left too.... I am going to use it on friends/family headlights and see what else I can use it on.But if you are looking to clean headlights, give this a shot before spending much more money. Ive seen restore kits and all that, but unless you think your headlights really need it, and your lights are in really really bad shape, this will probably work fine.My car is 9 years old, and this was the first time restoring the headlights, and I was almost amazed how this stuff gets all that blur right out and makes them look almost new again.
I used this on the headlights of my 2006 model year car and it work wonderfully. I was noticing the beginning stages of oxidation, some very mild haze on the plastic. After washing and clay baring the car I taped off the area and used this product. It restored the clarity and shine. Realistically I wouldn't expect this stuff to make a ten year old and neglected car's headlights look brand new. In fact, I tried just that and it didn't work; even after sanding with 1,500 grit paper, using a rubbing compound, then this product. However, as a preventive maintenance or regular use item, I think it works superbly. It couldn't be easier to use, just follow the directions.
I considered purchasing the pricier plastic lens polishing systems, which are offered, but decided to try this stuff since it was much cheaper and was highly recommended by others.  I used it to polish the ten-year old headlight lenses on my van, which were very well scratched and oxidized so I could not see the lamps inside. But, after using this stuff with a regular shop rag, I was able to polish the lenses to where I could clearly see the lamps inside. Although, I was not able to get out the deeper scratches, It worked well enough for my purposes.
I use the Meguiar's plastic cleaner for maintaining the plastic headlights of my car. The headlights become covered with a yellowish haze after a few years, and eventually the cloudiness has to be removed. If the clouding is just beginning, Meguiar's is fine to use. If the clouding is severe, you really need to use a headlight restoration kit (or have an auto detailing shop do the work). Either way, once the headlights are clear, the Meguiar's is great to use every 3-6 months or so to maintain the headlights. It's easy to use, and I'm very pleased with the results.
I used this on my truck which had very yellow headligts from being in the sun for over 10 years. I used a cordless drill with attachment and this polish and my headlights are now crystal clear. Very impressed and it took less than 10 minutes. I tried using this on the plastic covering over my speedometer and gauges etc but the results were less than favorable. This is probably because that plastic was flimsy and hart to push hard enough to get the polish to do its thing so most likely not the fault of the polish. It was just hard to get into that small space and really buff it out..
Like others have said, this product is not for heavy duty jobs. But for normal hazing over time, it gets the job done. My 2001 Accord became yellowish and hazy over the years and I was thinking about buying one of them complete restoration systems, but decided to try this first. I'm glad I did.Cleaning both head lights on my Accord took approximately 35 minutes by hand. All I used was some paint tape, and some lint-free rags,(microfiber). Best $5 I ever spent, and I barely used 1/8 of the bottle. I'm sure those complete restoration systems will do a better job, but with it needing to grind down the top layer and stuff just leads to more user error. With this, you really can't mess up. Only drawback is that the results might not be as good. Just check the photos.
I used this on a 2004 Acura MDX that had some light to medium hazing and yellowing of the headlights. I applied the liquid with a damp sponge working in a circular motion and applying light pressure. I then let it sit for about 30-40 seconds. I also used a buffing pad ( Auto Zone, $6.00 ) and attached it to my cordless drill, talk about easy ! I repeated these steps 4 times and all I can say is WOW ! The lenses are now clear and haze free, may not be showroom new, but it's darn close. I'm definetly impressed with this product and the results.
I had to grab one at the local store for $10 but for its size, I can't really complain.  Not long ago I purchased 3M's headlight polishing kit and ran out of the plastic polish compound.  Literally a five minute job on my '02 Mazda hatchback.With that said, you only need a little bit.  I usually rinse the headlight, put few drops and polish at slow speeds side to side.  I only did it once and the headlight looks clear as a day. Granted, I can probably make it even more clear if I took the time and probably better to finish it off with plastic protector.This would be great for motorcycle visors and anything plastic really.  For consistency, I recommend using a handheld polisher or drill attachment of some kind.I definitely noticed a difference in more light on the ground after cleaning with this polish!
It works pretty well for me and is easy to use.  It does need to be applied and then buffed off properly.  It is not expensive, so it is worth trying.  From what I have heard, headlights can also be fogged on the inside, and of course it would not help for that.  Consumer Reports says that the Sylvania and 3M restoration kits are the best, so I may try one of those.  The Meguiar's is cheaper, easy to use and definitely worth a try.  I use one lint-free cloth to apply it and a clean one to buff it.
It was evident after buying my boat (off original owner) that its cover had not been treated in a long time.I used a hand sprayer you use for weed killer to apply the waterproofing.  Laid the cover out on my driveway and made sure to thoroughly soak every inch of it.  21' boat, took most of the gallon to do the cover.  Ever since the cover doesn't suck water through it and the interior stays dry, even in the heaviest of rains.One thing of note - ONLY use this outside, as it has a very heavy chemical smell to it.  That smell does go away, but it is quite strong.  Make sure your windows are closed as well.  Because I did it in my driveway, it also waterproofed that where it soaked through the cover, so when the driveway is wet, you can see a dry outline of the cover...it even lasts on concrete it seems!
Here again, our world travel camping experience holds us in great stead.  Over our many years of camping in all sorts of terrains and weather conditions and using many different types of tents and materials, one thing stands out as a constant; that being when it comes to complete waterproofing?  PTFE is simply the best for Polyester, Nylon, and similar materials, and putting it on, in a well ventilated area is a must, and using a small roller is recommended as is a foam brush for the stitched seam areas.  We highly recommend this product for all outdoor fabric needs.
Wow!  Black gelcoat has a few scratches and little nicks from docking and the oxidizer made the fine scratches disappear.  The polish filled those little scratches to point of not being able to fine them.  The wax brought out the luster and made the whole process worth the effort.  Did the job by hand and it took about the same amount of time as a one step application of another brand.  Did not require as much elbow grease as anticipated.  Very satisfied with the product and will be purchasing their other detailing products as well.
This stuff sincerely makes magic happen!  I had removed some vinyl decals from a boat that was several years old and even after Using Goo Gone and scrubbing thoroughly with soap and water, the &#34;ghosting&#34; of the vinyl letters could still be seen.  I purchased this oxidation remover and not only did it successfully remove 100% of the ghosting but it works so well that I went ahead and shined up all area's of my boat's gel coat!  This stuff is incredible and brings new life to an older boat!
Repaired an inflatable air mattress with this patch kit.  Good instructions and very easy to use.  It was a little difficult getting the air mattress to lay flat and smooth enough where the hole was in order to get a large enough area to apply the patch.  This was no fault of the repair kit - just the fact that the mattress is a heavy gauge vinyl and difficult to manipulate when deflated.  I used rubbing alcohol to clean the area to be patched to assure a good bond.  Patience and a lot of tugging and rubbing to get a flat area paid off.  The patch held with two adults sleeping on the queen mattress.
I was a bit skeptical when I saw the package, but it did the job.  The instructions could be better.  I would have expected there to be a requirement for scuffing the surface (I did a light scrub with a piece of sandpaper) and for them to specify which side of the patch to apply the adhesive on (they are of slightly different textures).  They could have been more clear on the six and kind of weight to use.  Also, there are four patches of exactly the same size and enough adhesive to do 20 that size.  I would have traded some adhesive for a variety of patches.However, all in all, it was a great value, simple to use, and seemingly durable.  I would recommend it.
We had a rip in our aerobed on the bottom-middle.  I used this to repair it and it's held up really well!  We even had my lineman brother sleep on it for a week (without deflating it once) and it was just fine!  (For non-football fans, that means he weighs somewhere between 275-375 lbs.)  Both of my parents slept on it for a weekend, also, and it stayed inflated throughout the entire time.  Bonus: it's super easy to apply.
Beaching a PWC is just not a good idea.  You see a lot of people do it, but what you don't see is their hulls destroyed gel coat, or their PWC in the shop in a few weeks because they have debris in their intake.This anchor keeps your PWC just off the shore, safely floating in a few feet of water.  It is easy to fill with sand or rocks, and when it is time to go it cleans up and stores just as easy.  When you're ready to go out for a ride, there is a buoy on the hook so you'll know where to clip back on when you head back in.I wouldn't hit the water without mine.
LOVE IT LOVE  LOVE IT. read concerns about the structural build of the stitching on the bag to rope interface. Ignore them, the bag is well built for it's intended use. Just fill it with sand, rocks, or weights and make sure you pick it up from the bottom of the bag, not the rope! And you should be O.K. But if you toss it from the rope just remember you are inducing more force onto the stitching interface due to the mass x acceleration of the swinging action. Play it safe and take care of your anchor:) enjoy
I used this for a while. Though hollow plastic I felt it was designed to hold a camper from rolling and it did. One day I forgot to remove it when pulling out and it seems to take very little pressure moving forward to flatten it like a pan cake so I though my 50,000 investment may be better served with a heavy duty galvanized wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistake and let me know its holding solid if I ever did again roll forward over it.
I don't deny this is a well-made product at an affordable price, and it may likely work for your purposes, but the angle of the chock is designed for a really big tire given the size of the chock.  They look downright silly on my Coleman pop-up with 13" tires.  Only about the first rung and a half of the chock actually touches the tire, so the rest is left sticking out in nowhere.  I'm left thinking a simple block cut from a 2x4 will work just as well for me. Maybe an improvement to the existing design would be to make the back half gently curved down as well, rather than a straight shot. Then users would have two options, one which could fit smaller tires better.  As is, they really are over-kill on small popup campers.  Sticking with a simple block of wood works too.  I'll be returning my chocks.
The point is to stop your car right where you want it in the garage.  This does that just fine.  I have rolled up on it with a Ford Fiesta and did not damage it.  Your Hummer might be more of a challenge.  The only down side is its width.  I have no problem hitting the thing, but we have yet to see if my lady and do the same.  If that is an issue you might put two of them side by side for her.  BTW, I used silicone sealant to make sure the thing can't scoot when contacted.  That worked perfectly.
I typically use pavers I have in the yard to chock both sides of one tire when I do any work on my truck, but they aren't much higher than 1-1.5".  These are nicer to keep in my garage than to bring in a muddy paver.  Since it's yellow, it's easy to spot in my garage, and they don't slip.  I've tested them by giving my truck a little gas while these are on and they prevent me from rolling.  They look good and do their job.  I like em....
I bought 2 of these, one to keep in my truck for road side emergencies and the other for automotive work use at home. The few times I have used them they work well, but just so you know they have a recommended expiration date on them. I think this is due to their intended use as a RV chock, where they would sit in the sun a lot and would degrade. But again they are cheap, and if the worries you, just buy a new one and toss out the suspect one!
The vessel I'm currently assigned to has 2 pairs of these in their navigation tool chest, and they seem pretty ubiquitous elsewhere as well as I've encountered them on multiple vessels before.  All in all, they are a good solid divider, well made, and have the advantage of holding their position for precise plots.  Personally though, I find them uncomfortable to hold and the extra tension caused by the wheel mechanism requires more force to adjust which over time becomes a nuisance.  For open ocean, 1 plot/hr, these are fine; to sit down for an hour or two and use them to plow through a pile of chart corrections, not so much.  I much prefer the W&P Millenniums, but these will do the job just fine if you're truly concerned about the dividers moving while positioning them.
Bought this 6 months ago, I have been using it and happy with it. 12g rounds stay in there nice and tight. My only recommendation would be to purchase the 6 shot. I was concerned about the forearm having trouble and didn't want to have to swap that out too at first considering I was new to the weapon. Well, 6 months later I am upgrading to the Magpul forearm and just bought the 6 shot to go along with it. You'll want the more rounds if you're not wearing a chest rig or shell sling. Gave it a 4 because it does block the serial number on the Remington 870 when other ones do not, but for the price it is worth it.
Easy install, easy use. This unit is solid, and even the plastic clips feel very sturdy and I have faith it will last a long time.My only qualm with this is that it is the alternative to the 6-shot, which sometimes is a little long. It would be nice to have a 5-shot option, or even the option of interchangeable cover plates (the part with the shell clips that is attached to the metal base plate) with the different options. The 4- and 6- shot are close to the same price, and once I receive my new, shorter, fore end, I would be able to use the 6-shot, but don't want to spend the same money again to have the extra 2 shells.
I was concerned with a few things with this item:  ease of installation, durability, external profile, and how it fit the shells.  Bottom line, it was great with everything.  Simply punch out the trigger assembly pins and the screws go right in and screw into the base plate, making it fit really solid on the side of the receiver.  Seriously, it doesn't budge.  The fact that it holds 4 shots and not 6 is a good thing.  6 would be wayyyy too many in my opinion.  If you need that many, get one of those stock sleeves or a bandolier sling.  4 shells is really the perfect amount.  On that note, the shell holders are the perfect median of flexibility and rigidity.  The shells slide in and out easily, but don't require an abusive amount of force.  Seems like it should last a long time, I'm really pleased.
I have both a model 870 tactical and 870 express fits on both fine the long action of the express means this is a good alternative to stock mounted nylon shell holders the tactical action is shorter and can handle the 6 shell holder.  as for shells fitting they hole top or bottom mounted in the holder however the less shells you have in it the less grip on the remaining shells the holder seems to have also the smaller screw that comes with this to replace the forward pin was very snug fitting and took some GENTLE Tapping to get in just be careful not to strip the threads all in all good product will buy the 6 shell one to mount on my tactical 870 this will be going on my bird gun
It shoots like a field point out to 30 yards. Beyond that it is unpredictable. I have used them for target practice in the woods. I have shot them at rocks and tree stumps. They bounce off without damaging the arrow. I shot them at a large ground squirrel at 15 yards, thinking it would only crush it without causing excessive damage. I was wrong. It punched completely through both shoulders leaving a 1.5 inch entry wound and a 2.5 inch exit. I had planed to use these on grouse, but now I am not sure they won't destroy them. I also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber broad heads. The slip on stopped on impact, and the arrow punched through the rubber. So this broadhead is better then those slip on, but I'm not sure rubber is the way to go.
MEN HAVE AN ADVANTAGE SOMETIMES THAT WOMEN DO NOT HAVE. "BUTT" THERE ARE TIMES WHEN IT IS NICE TO SIT DOWN. THE RELIANCE PRODUCTS LUGGABLE LOO SEAT COVER IS TRULY A CREATURE COMFORT. IT IS SO NICE TO NOT HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE WHILE CAMPING WHEN THIS SEAT COVER WILL ALLOW ONE TO STAY IN THE PRIVACY OF YOUR OWN TENT. IT CAN BE PUT OUTSIDE THE DOOR AT NIGHT AND OF COURSE SOME KITTY LITTER WILL DISPEL ANY ODORS.I FOUND THAT IT ACCOMMODATES ADULTS BETTER IF ONE CUTS AN OBLONG OPENING IN THE REAR AREA ALSO WITH A UTILITY KNIFE. FOR A CHILD IT IS JUST THE RIGHT SIZE BUT, FOR AN ADULT FACE IT, A 5 GALLON BUCKET IS A BIT ON THE SMALL SIZE FOR A LARGE ADULT. DON'T LEAVE HOME ON A CAMPING TRIP WITHOUT IT. DON OUT.
Well, it's a toilet seat. Just like it says, it snaps onto a 5gal bucket and that's about it. I took a tip from other reviewers and just used heavy duty trash bags instead of the expensive ones sold to go with this. I took it camping and lined the bottom of the trash bag with kitty litter, and kept another bucket next to it with kitty litter and a scoop inside to sprinkle on top after each use.The bucket seems pretty stable with this seat attached to it,but I made a base out of wood for the bucket to sit in and it works great. Set the whole unit up inside a shower tent,and with the seat cover and kitty litter there was no noticeable smell.The seat itself is actually more &#34;roomy&#34; than the porta potty I used on a previous camping trip. The plasic is a little flimsy but heck for the price I think it's a pretty good deal.
Very comfy seat, I am 6' and 215lbs.  I fish out in the ocean, sometimes 50 miles from shore, and when ya gotta go, well, you know the story.  Before we were using a 5 gallon bucket with no seat and it can be uncomfortable and leave a ring around  your behind.  This seat fit my generic 5 gallon  bucket very snugly, AND, is comfortable to sit on. My crew and I are now, &#34;HAPPY CAMPERS,  I mean, &#34;HAPPY FISHERPEOPLE&#34;.
Used it for the first time while camping this weekend.  We needed something for our camper that did not take up lots of space and this was the perfect answer.  I purchased a standard 5 gal bucket from our local store and the seat snapped tightly to it!  We used 8 gal kitchen bags and double bagged the bucket and added a bit of kitty litter (adding a little each time we went).  No more walking to the outhouse in the middle of the night for this mom, or any more accidents with the kids because they can't make it in time.  One happy camper!
Simply attach this seat cover to a 5 gallon(or smaller) plastic bucket and you have a perfectly fine toilet to sit on.  I recommend lining the bucket with a trash bag and adding some kind of absorbent i.e cat litter, wood shavings, especially if its expected to be used multiple times.  This is really great for boat owners who have an on-board head, but do not want to put up with the hassle of cleaning it.  I have to go on a boat so rarely, I do not feel too bad about washing my solid waste into the ocean so I just leave the bag out.  Also girls do not have the advantage of being able to pee off the side of the boat like men do, so having one of these for them is much appreciated.
Don't drag your kids out of the tent at 2am and head to dark bathroom.  Having this handy was so much better.  I had a little trouble snapping the seat on with the bag attached but it was solid when in place.  It takes up so little space and their bags with the chemicals in it really works well too.  I carry tent stakes, etc... in the 5 gal bucket anyway so the only new addition is the seat (thin and light) and the bags.
I took this pole salmon fishing. It performed well. Cast very well. I have a glass blank by South Bend that I finally wore out the eyes.I have a Berkley glass trout rod in the same condition. Depending on how much it will be to strip, equip, tie and finish these poles is what determines if I will keep them. This Okuma advertises it is made of glass fiber. We will see. To me glass rods have greater casting distance, and unlike as advertised, all other constructions of blanks are not as sensitive to light bumps as the glass. Many of my acquaintances want to go back to glass only. They are looking at garage sales to find glass poles to rebuild. If this Okuma is truly glass construction maybe I will be wondering if I should rebuilt it in 25 years.Aug. 12 2011, I have fished this rod several times now on the Nestuca River in Oregon, and this is a great rod. I am VERY happy.
I love this rod! Like others have said, I had to sand down the butt end connections, the tip end connection was OK. When I received the package, the box was mashed and mangled and made me worry that the rod was broke, but upon opening and checking the rod from end to end, was OK. There could be some peanuts or scrap paper packed in around the rod to protect it in shipment. For those that don't know what peanuts I'm referring to is Styrofoam  pieces. Very good price and product seems to be made to last of good quality and would recommend to anyone that  is in the market for this type of rod.
For the price the rod is worth it, but its a cheap rod that performs on par with its price. Not something I will be taking out fishing anytime soon. Barely flex the tip and you can hear it crack and pop.  Im afraid a decent size fish will destroy it. BTW, I ordered the 7' for channel cats. Ill keep it as a backup or loaner. But, if you buy it, you will get a rod that is worth exactly what you pay for it. Im going back to Ugly Stick Catfish rods.
I got the 10ft model---This is a throw away rod,it breaks,oh well,go buy a new one....except mine won't break,I treat it like a red-headed step child...So the guides are off,it sticks together sometimes and the craftmanship ain't all that great..IT'S 25 BUCKS!!!! Go buy a Croix or any other high end rod....500 BUCKS!!! Find the cheapest reel you can and put it on this rod and come over to Castle Island and we'll do some fishing
I use the on the open flame of my bbq grill.  I cook with propane gas on high heat.  My favorite dish cooked on this pan is country fried steak aka cubed steak.  When I am in a hurry (that is always) I turn the gas on full throttle pour an ounce or two of cooking oil on the griddle.  Within a few minutes my griddle is at 450 to 500 degrees F.  Sometimes it flames up but that is fine.  The coating does not come off and shows no sign of damage.  I have repeated this process many times with great success.  If everyone wants to come over for a sample I will unwrap the other griddle.  I can cook at least four steaks at a time on one griddle.  If I put both griddles on the fire I could cook enough for a party.
from reading some of the reviews i bought some &#34;pam&#34; cooking spray when i went camping just in case my pancakes stuck to the grill but it did not. the surface is non-stick and the was the case when i used it on my camping trip. i have also used it in my home and no problems with it sticking either. I did not peel and was super easy to clean. i will continue to use this at home and while out camping. the size is good. i can make about 6 small pancakes as shown in the product picture. I made bacon, sausage and scramble eggs (not all at the same time) on this griddle and had not problems. i recommend it.
I needed a remote line for use on my pellet rifles when using an external CO2 paintball tank (instead of small powerlets).This fit the bill perfectly as I was able to remove the paintball fittings on the remote end and use the standard 1/8" NPT fitting as found and ndeeded on my pellet rifle.The hose is a bit stiff and short, but stretching it out overnight to 12' helped "memorize" the hose to a longer length.All in all, nothing wrong with this at all...it was exactly what I needed.
pushers, get out there and make some moneyeasy to put together.  nice look.  Of course the stand never really works and will just get knocked down on the court the minute you try to set it up, but I already expected that.Nice looking, professional look.  Wilson impresses the kids.  Black is sleek.One thing.  I noticed that the bolts have a tendency to get loose over time and will fall off on the court if you are not careful and don't check every once in a while to make sure they are secure.  Otherwise, for $20 bucks with shipping, perfect.
Some other reviews say this is not a good hopper, but what can you really expect for around $20?  It works.  I am not nice to it.  I toss it in my trunk and pretty much manhandle it.  No screws have popped out, nothing weird happened.  Sometimes the top pops open in my trunk and a couple of balls fall out...It sits at a good height and makes transporting balls and practicing service very easy.Seriously... $20.  Worth every penny.
This product is excellent for anyone just getting into the game of tennis. For the price range, this hopper is a great option compared to what you'll find in most sporting good stores. I've seen some reviews say it isn't very durable, but I've been using mine for several months now without issue. It sits in the trunk of my car and I only bring it out when I'm using it.I imagine it's not built to withstand hours and hours of teaching lessons with everyday, but for the casual player it's more than fine.
This is basically the same ball hopper I had 20 years ago with a few minor set backs.  The first issue was that 20 years ago, the basket was one piece, now the four sides are screwed together, so you constantly have to worry about the nuts getting loose and loosing them.  The other issue is that it takes a lot of muscle to get the legs into the notches to get it to stand up.  I can do it, but I'm pretty sure my wife would not be able to.  With the legs int he notches, it's pretty stable.  Once you do get the legs in the notches, it takes some more muscle to get them out.  Overall, I think it was a good choice.
Great little unit, and LITTLE indeed!  Packs away so you hardly notice it, great to keep behind the truck seat for those unexpected 'stops'.  Not much room for gear, but again it's a back up type unit.  Haven't caught anything significant with it yet, just some small trout, panfish, etc. but good for a fun afternoon - or a spare combo for when you have a guest.  Treat it like the ultralight unit it is, the case makes it's a little bulky for small pole but protects it very well, keeps it organized.  Don't expect it to replace full sized gear, and it's a five star.  If its your only rig?  Eh, 3-4 star depending on what you fish.
had mine for about 5 years use it all the time at least once a month . if your only fishing in small lakes or ponds this is perfect you will not have miles of line with this pole it wasnt meant for that ive still managed to catch plenty of fish with mine and just recently broke a section (user error it was crushed by spare tire in the bed of my truck ) . it will catch respectable fish ive caught kokanee salmon walleye tons of rainbow and a few bass on this pole the case was the first thing to break no biggy it fits in my messanger bags spare compartment perfectly anyway . good product thinking of geting another one just to have around for freinds on hikeing trips etc
I read most of the reviews prior to buying this combo. Yes it is small but has a great feel to it. As far as being a pain to replace in the hard case I'd suggest some patience. Worked for me.My complaint is the anti-reverse isn't working. I gave it a 3 star because Amazon jumped right on the defect and hopefully the next reel works like it should. The reel is actually a "sweepfire 10002B"made in Viet Nam. I can't wait to hook a shell fish on this light action rod. If the next one doesn't work I'll trash it. Have a good un.07 Aug update. Received my replacement kit and this time the reel works just fine. The only problem was one of the dividers in the case was broken. The package did not appear damaged so I figure it happened at the factory. Case still works fine so no biggy.
Great rod to use if you're just looking to fish off the dock or on land.  I wouldn't use it deep-sea fishing though.  The combo is meant for a maximum of 4 pound testline.  I have used it the whole summer and haven't had any issues with it.  I've put alot of force on the rod trying to break loose of many snags and the rod hasn't broken yet.  The Reel has 3 setting:1st setting - Left - allows the reel to spin in either direction (reel-in or let out more line)2nd setting - Center - allows the reel to make a clicking sound when something is pulling your line3rd setting - Right - one way reeling that locks doesn't let the fish get away unless it breaks your line.
I've received my rod on time. well few days after I got it, I went to fish for some panfish, and what I can say about the reel is that works very good even for casting I've tried some spoons and it worth, and about the rod, it is very flexible I caught 2 largemouth bass of about 6 pounds ea. it bended like if will break down, but finally nothing bad happened,I totaly recomend this kit,it came with out line but is good after all.
I've managed to stuff a Rapala Minnow Rap, a small popper, a Mepps Aglia Streamer, and a small square bill crank in the largest compartment, soft plastics (crappie tubes, small grubs etc), hooks, split shot and swivels in one of the small compartments, and a mess of panfish flies in the other.  For an angler that is either kayak fishing, or shore fishing and needs to walk a lot, space is premium.  This well made case will work well.  I had a nearly identical product called Hot Lids which was the same size and shape, only the shade of blue was different.  You &#34;could&#34; clip this to a caribiner, but with the risk of it possibly opening up and spilling the contents, I'd recommend keeping it in a jacket, jeans, or vest pocket.  I nearly exclusively bank fish, so having a few go-to baits in my pocket is perfect for a quick excursion.
The fit is good (feels good on my flat, hairless face) and it functions well.  The straps aren't the best and can slip a bit with use, but you can make your own or use a set you like from another/other mask.  In the deep south heat it can get pretty wet inside the mask, but it won't effect the mask to much (and it is the same for all masks).  Can't beat it for the price.  Cheaper than the big box AO paint masks, or 3M masks, but you can't find replacement filters as easily either.
Who is that masked man? That's what my granddaughter wanted to know after seeing me wearing the AO Safety Woodworker's Respirator. It has worked fine for me thus far. I experienced no fogging and no face or head discomfort. I agree with another reviewer who stated he didn't have the desire to take it off and burn it like some other masks. Well put! After using a few at home as well as in the USMC, I know exactly what he means. This one is lightweight and as comfortable as you're going to get wearing this type. I haven't had mine on for longer than 30 minutes in mild temperatures. I can't say it would never get annoying if worn for an extended period of time in hot weather because, frankly in my experience, they all do. Don't forget to order yourself extraAO Safety Replacement Filters. ~ The Boss
the mask is fairly small, appears to be cheaply made especially the rubber strap - this strap will not stand the test of time. had i actually seen it in the hardware store i never would have bought, particularly at the near to $15 price. To me, the price/value would be more apt in the $8 range. It certainly does not look like the pic on amazon - the pic makes it appear larger than it is, the surface area of the filter hence will be limited in it's ability to handle larger volumnes of air over time- but then they want you to buy replacement filters faster.
I purchased these for my kids and for handing out to my son's scout troop.  The intention is that these be used as safety devices so that if they are lost or in trouble they can blow the whistles instead of yelling.The whistles are black with a ring that can be hung on a backpack, or which can be strung on a cord.  They are loud enough to hear from a pretty good distance, without breaking eardrums.Definitely recommend.  The price I bought them at made the whistles about 70 cents each.
These little whistles make a lot of noise and are great for hiking bags, cars and bug-out bags. If you had to get noticed you cannot yell very loud and these whistles make a lot of racket to get noticed- with very little energy expended.  At the very affordable prices stick em in your car and everywhere else you can think of -1 dozen great price and they work very well. I bought an assortment of various types and these work very well I consider these the best that I could get. Some of the pricey ones do not work very well and are marginal and big bucks. GET THESE- THEY ARE GREAT and inexpensive and they all work great from a little puff to a loud blow a lot of ear piercing whistle tone. Stick them - with a lanyard-to the pepper spray and you have another self-defense tool to attract attention if the situation gets unsafe.
This 32 inch yellow Wiffle Bat is the classic hard plastic Wiffle Bat going back many decades.  I started using this Wiffle Bat back in 1976 while playing backyard Wiffleball and I still use it to this day because it's irreplaceable.  In other words, a classic.  It is very durable.  I've only owned maybe three or four of them in my lifetime because they are durable.  In addition to using the regular standard size Wiffle balls, I also like to fool around with the plastic practice golf ball "Wiffle" balls.  It's more challenging to hit the smaller Wiffle balls.  All in all, a great product that will last.
When my six year old entered T-Ball for the first time, I went out to get him one of my childhood favorites, the Wiffle ball and bat. Imagine my surprise when I saw on the package that this all-American toy is still made in the USA! I figured it to be good practice for his swinging and hitting. It brought back many great memories of my grandfather and I playing ball out in the yard. I hope my son has as much fun with his as I did with mine.
This container of 3 Penn Championship tennis balls is exactly the one my parents bought for me one Christmas several years ago, and you know, the reason they bought them was very simple- tennis balls are soft, they bounce, and you can even throw them pretty far.  During my ball fascination, this is *exactly* what I wanted (and my parents liked the fact that a tennis ball sometimes hitting the side of a house or especially a window by mistake would likely NOT cause any damage!)  Truthfully, I've only ever played actual tennis with these balls on a couple occasions, but they worked pretty darn well.  I recommend them.  In fact, these are the only type of tennis balls outside the internet I've ever seen.  Maybe there's other brands but they aren't nearly as well-known.
$2.47 with Free Prime shipping when placed as an add on item.  That makes them about the same, or even a little less than I can find them at Dick's, Sports Authority, and other stores.  And I don't have to go shopping at the terror that is the mall to get to Dick's.I like the Penn Extra Duty.  They are ideal for hard courts and keep their bounce a nice long while.  Great for practice or training.  The only balls I like as much, maybe slightly better are the Wilson US Open Extra Duty.  But they aren't found cheaply on Amazon like these.  So Penn gets the nod.
I don't play tennis.  I can't comment on how these would be on the court.  I bought them to be used in a hand held ball-chucker that I also bought on Amazon.  They fit in the chucker just as nicely as the one that originally came with it (different color, though).  I CAN for sure say that my dog loves to retrieve them!  I asked him if he had any comment but he just looked at me so I guess that means he agrees.  Enjoy!
I bought three.Don't be fooled into buying a cheaper product that includes plastic coated chains and hooks- they are crap and will last 6 months.  This swing is of a build quality you'll find at the finest outdoor park.  Swing seat is THICK 6" black rubber attached to heady duty welded triangles riveted solidly to the swing seat.  After 8 months outdoors with heavy use (several birthday parties, multiple kids/adults at a time etc), these show no noticeable sign of wear or quitting.Buy these, and you can expect your grand-kids to be swinging from them one day.
There is a ton of this stuff, and it lasts a long time. I'm still on my first half block, using it three times a week for several lifts. I have pretty sweaty hands, but rubbing this in allows me to grip it and rip it on my lifts. Make sure you have a spare container to keep this in. I'm using a bagel-sized plastic storage container, which is great for allowing you to scoop out a pinch without making a huge mess. That said, this stuff will leave a powdery mess.
My deadlift had gotten to the point that &#34;grip it and rip it&#34; was no longer cutting it, thanks to my grip slipping/rolling out.This chalk was a VERY good way to help with that problem. One block broken up makes a surprising amount of chalk and should last a long time.The only con I've noticed with it is that it dries out your hands like you wouldn't believe. (Which IS kind of the point.) Have some lotion or something handy for after workouts and you'll be fine, though.
This is a solid bar at a good price. It has the revolving attachment that is nice. It is about what I expected and the price was fair. The only thing I am slightly disappointed with is the angle where it attaches to the cable. It is kind of hard to describe, but when I use it on my low cable doing rows the bars are not perpendicular to the cable. I think this is because the swivel part is not centered between the handles. I'm not sure if other bars are like this or centered more. It's not a deal breaker but if I was making one I'd look into this. I'd give it 3.5 stars. Hope this helps.
I was surprised at how heavy this was, yaaay. I was not sure of the quality to expect but, i am pleased. It should last for ...well, for ever. Its size is just perfect to draw my hands up to my sides on rows - for reference. Connector is smooth, comes with a little bit of grease already in it/on it. Finish is pretty decent.UPDATE; reduced rating, tried using this for triceps and its unusable for any amount of weight due to the curve not being a good stop for your hands and the almost 90degree downward bend. your hands end up buckling upward, half on the straight portion and half on the 90 degree bend of the bar. Sucks for this use, and is now overpriced for being a single use(for rows only) item.
Great tool for an overall upperbody workout.  Take it slow at first, cause you will feel it the next day.  I cycle, run, and lift weights almost daily.  But I was only able to do 5 wheels the first day I got it, and it felt like my abs were going to rip apart. :)  But after just a couple of weeks, I am up to 30 at a time.  Love it.  I can feel it working shoulders, abs, upper and lower back, biceps, triceps, and lats.  Great complement to any workout routine.  A good way to "top-off" after lifting weights.
I've had this for a few days so far. Fairly easy to install, seems about as durable as the original Casio strap (i.e. it should last for a few years and then break, just as all my Casio straps have). It's a good match for the Casio watch. Good thing it came with spring bars, since this watch has solid non-spring bars. One oddity - the strap is slightly wider than the inside of the buckle, so it's a bit hard to pull through.
I agree that the material is flimsy and very lightweight. Think about silicone cellphone cases as comparison. This can be a bad or good trait depending on your use. For me, I broke my other band long ago and wanted to use my Casio sports watch again for outdoor water activities. Having something lightweight on my wrist was ideal. When strapped on, the band feels very comfortable. I can't vouch for durability yet, but I don't think it will stay flexible for too long. But at this price, it's a good buy in my opinion, and besides it includes the spring bars to attach to the watch unlike some other bands. To see if 19mm is right for you, measure with a ruler the inside part between where the springs bars would go. In inches, 19mm is .748, or very close to 3/4 inch. Hope this helps, goodluck!
This "speed loader" does not seem to be very speedy if you have to wiggle it to get the rounds in the cylinder.  When I tried just putting it in straight, it didn't work.  If I wasn't doing it right and have to wiggle it to get it in, then it's really not much of a "speed loader".  It's suppose to be fast, but it doesn't seem that fast to me.  Maybe I just need some practice with it, but it's not what I thought it would be.  Maybe it's better than just using your hands to put the rounds in one by one, especially in an emergency, but it's still too slow if you needed the rounds in in a split life-saving second.  Plus, an accidental inadvertent twist of the knob and you lose all your rounds.  Maybe I'll stick with my failure-proof semi-automatic pistol with spare 10-round magazines in a real emergency.
These work just fine with my S&W revolver.  I have the M&P 340 with some aftermarket VZ grips which are a little thicker than the stock boot grip that comes on the 340.  The speed loaders fits just fine between the VZ grips and the cylinder face, and I haven't experienced any binding of the rounds as I load them.  I also carry .357 Mag rounds instead of .38 Spl.  Even with the extra length of the 357 casings I still have no binding problems.  These loaders hold the rounds in there tight and the the rounds themselves don't giggle around once they are locked into the loader.  These are really reliable loaders... IMHO.
I purchased 3 different pairs of speed loaders for 3 different revolvers.  This one and the 6 round speed loaders work perfectly, but the 7 round one is difficult to lock the rounds in place.That being said, this is a beautiful speed loader.  The rounds lock in with a light twist and fall out just as easily.  This one is also the easiest to load fast in practice, most likely due to only having to get 5 rounds in the cylinder holes instead of 6 or 7 but it's still very easy to use fast.As easy as it locks the rounds in place it unfortunately opens just as easily.  Tried carrying it a bunch of different ways, and so far I had one release the bullets when being carried inside a vest pocket.  That's a major bummer, but carrying in a side speed loader pouch or even inside my pants pocket seems to work just fine.
The speedloader works great. It locks the ammo securely and is easy to use. I purchased 2 for reloads for my carry gun a Ruger SP101 357 magnum. With practice you can reload very quickly with these. Word of advice/warning with the compact revolvers the cartridges only go about half way in before you hit the grip. This is not an issue in my opinion it's due to the compact nature of the revolver. Just drop the loaded speedloader in and twist the knob and let gravity do the rest. A must have for a revolver owner in my opinion.
I'm speaking only for using for Ruger SP 101 . It works perfect & flawlessly.I recommend for SP101 users to go with &#34;Star shape&#34; one.A little more expensive but those cut out groves on &#34;Star style&#34; will help to not get engaged with the grip when it's in use.HKS 36 does the work if you know how use them .If you try the HKS and the Star style,you'll get the point.I do have them both styles and use them all time.Satisfied after all.DT
After looking around and by reading other reviews I established that the HKS 36-A is the one for my 5-shooter Ruger SP-101Amazon copies the description that HKS has and those descriptions needs some major review and corrections.- like showing and saying it is a 6-shot speedloader, when the SP-101 is a five shot gun!It feels a little chintzy (that;s why the 4 stars) but it works. I tried it many times by now and I can work it without any problems with my SP-101 (with original grips - I hear/read that the Hogue grips get in the way).
This speed loader is ok but to me it seems a bit cheap.  Once the bullets are in the loader correctly and you lock them in ( I use the work LOCK with some reserve) they seem to be fine.  However, I have my doubts as to weather that lock will stay locked if I put them in my coat pocket or pant pocket.Perhaps it's just me, but I though it was a bit high priced for the quality it appears to be.If you're wondering, no I've never carried it to prove if what I'm saying, instead I bought a pouch with two strip loaders to carry instead.If I was just going to use them at the range and carry them in a container loaded I'm sure the loaders would work fine, but at $10 a piece, how many are you going to buy?
As much as I love HKS Speedloaders, I do have one or two minor complaints about them. The first time or two you use the speedloaders they lock nice and tight. I wish it would stay this way through their entire lives. But they do loosen up after a few times. They still work good though. Also, I wish they held the rounds better in a snug pocket. Before I received my speed strips I would toss a speedloader in my pocket and sometimes within a few minutes the rounds were loose in my pocket. But that is more of just bad planing instead of a bad product.
I recently bought a Ruger LCR 357 and replaced the Hoag grips with Crimson Trace grips.I have seen several reviews where people have had trouble using the 36-A with the LCR. While the loader is a little tight, I've been using them to compete without an issue; it just takes a bit of practice. After about 500 rounds you get used to it and it's a non-issue and definitely better than using strips or manual loading.The only thing better would be moon clips for the LCR but so far no one makes them.
I purchased two HKS 36-A Revolver Speedloaders for my newly purchased Ruger LCR .38 Special +p revolver.  The pistol holds only five rounds of .38s since it is rather small and the rounds are rather large, a compromise in both directions.  Still I wanted the additional confidence of have extra rounds at my disposal (this comes from years of owning a Glock 23 .40 cal that my magazines held a maximum of 13 rounds each and 5 just made me uncomfortable).  With the additional purchase of the HKS 203M-P Plain Double Speedloader Case, Black, Medium, I am now back up to being able to have 15 rounds, only with the additional time needed to empty the cylinder of the five casings at a time and quick load five fresh rounds.  Good product at a very good price.
I bought this for my 38.SP and it holds the rounds nice, i did a speed test on my self and noticed that without a speed loader and under stress from a possible gun fight or worse it would take me some 10 seconds or more to fully load 5 rounds, and some got dropped. Also i must say i am not a professional gun shooter so im sure there are a lot of people that can do it better then i can, but i am just speaking as an Avg gun user. Now with this speed loader my best time under stress was about 3-5 seconds or better, which is or could be life or death. So yes i do suggest this item to everyone that needs it!
I own a S&W 642 J frame. This speed loader fails to do its job.  While the literature states that it fits my weapon, this is entirely false.  I have the factory stock grips on the weapon, and the speed loader gets jammed against the grips.  It is anything but a speedy load.  In fact, it will get you dead.  I have unfortunately found that the fiddling with this speed loader to extract it after loading takes substantially longer than simply loading in five shells into the cylinder by hand.  I am trying out some Bianchi Speed Strips (also sold here on Amazon) and will rate those soon. But in the meantime, do not expect this speed loader to work with the 642 or any other J frame.  It will not, and if you take your safety and that of your family seriously, please do not purchase this product.
People be advised. This speedloader is good. Price is also attractive. But speedloader didn work with the both grip paanels a had for my taurus 85. original wood panels as well as hogue monogrip where too thick for reloading using hks speedloader. I had to cut off a peace on my Hogue grip to allow reloading. also be advised that you need to rotate the knob to release rounds, it means you have to fix cilinder with your finger while reloading and this might be a tricky thing to do.product itself works great but 4 stars only because of rotating knob.nevertheless reloading is waaaaaay faster than reloading rounds one by one.
I like shooting my revolver because I don't have to chase the brass, like I do with my semi-automatic pistols. The downside is the awkwardness of the reload process.This device removes that awkwardness. Just open and drop my old brass into a bag or bucket then seat all 5 bullets at once with this device and I'm off again.For the range I can pre-load these and set them on the bench in front of me. For carrying, couple this with the speed loader case and you are prepared for whatever comes.This is an ingenious little device!
Asked for HKS 10-A but the one that was displayed was the HKS 36-A.HKS 10-A fits S&W; 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 19, 64, 65, 66, 67, Dan Wesson, Carter Arms*,Taurus 65, 66, 80, 82, Rossi**HKS 36-A fits S&W; 36, 37, 38, 40, 42, 49, 60, 640 Charter Arms*, 342, 342PDTaurus 85, 605, Rossi** 68,Ruger SP101Note to Amazon:HKS makes at least 7 different speedloaders for .357 Magnum.  Do not attempt to use a loader with a revolver for which it was not intended.
Nice speedloader; works great and seems to be manufactured well. HEADS UP TO CONCEAL CARRY REVOLVER OWNERS. I own a Smith & Wesson .38 Special +P Hamerless Airweight and this speedloader did not work well with it. With the right amount of wiggling and twisting it you could get the bullets to all fall out into the cylinder but I would never recommend relying on that in a firefight. The reason for this happening is because the Airweight pistol's cylinder does not open away from the frame far enough and the black plastic from the speedloader rubs against the frame when trying to insert the bullets. Works well on a full sized frame.
This speedloader has great quality, holds the shells firmly, releases them easily, and works as advertised.  Note that it doesn't quite fit perfectly with the Ruger LCR with standard Hogue grips, as the grips get in the way of it lining up perfectly. So you have to load them at an ever-so-slight angle (and can't put any more than the tips of the bullets in the cylinder) rather than loading them all the way in before releasing them.  The LCR is super compact (but with relatively wide grips), however, and I don't think you'd have that problem with most revolvers listed as working with it.
it's a little touchy as in: when your putting the bullets in and trying to turn it to lock it you have to mess with it for a second, maybe it will wear in with use  like my old ones did but then again I remember them being perfect right outta the box so who knows I'll keep using it at the range and give it a lot of use but if it keeps acting up I'll just go with a different brand... So right out of the box it's not perfect "atleast the one I've got but I'll write a follow up down the road on how it's doing...
I bought this speed loader for my Ruger LCR .38 Special. I was a bit hesitant after reading some reviews but it works great. It does take a little wiggle to lock the rounds in place but no more than I have seen with other models. Dropping the rounds out is simple and efficient. The casing of the speed loader does touch the housing of the firearm when loading but it does not impede upon the loading process. Also, it does feel a little cheap in its construction but I will see if it holds up to the test of time.I am pleased overall and will be buying a second.
This speedloader is great for all 38 special ammo, snap caps, or the deal deal.  One small turn (about 1/16th of a rotation) locks them, and an equally small rotation the other way releases them with no snag.  When they are locked in, lock-up is secure, and the rounds will not wiggle at all.  When you release the rounds in your revolver, they slide right in effortlessly.  These are great for storing defensive rounds, or practicing with snap caps.  My local pawnshops all want $20+ for these with all this gun ban mess going on, so not only is this a great product, but a pretty good price as well.Do I recommend it?  If you have a 38 or 357, this is a must have accessory.
I have used these speed loaders for years with a Taurus 851 concealed hammer and stock rubber grips.  The rounds go in smoothly, but need a little jiggle to shake them down into the cylinder.  They are what they are for the money.  A little practice with them and you can get reasonably quick.  I have never had a problem with them and I routinely carry two of them loose in a pocket.  If you carry them loose in a pocket, make sure to check the pocket you carry them in for lint and foreign matter, as well as the speed loaders.  If you want competition fast, this one isn't it.  But it is an inexpensive tool for reloading a revolver faster than 1 round at a time.
I read many reviews and watched YouTube videos about quick loaders before buying 4 of this one.  While the 5Star product appeared to be perfect for the Ruger LCR 38 Special I have, I opted for this one based on price.  The comments about this product not fitting perfectly with a Ruger LCR .38 Special are true, but the imperfection is not so bad that it makes reloading a hassle ... after a few trial reloads, you figure out how to operate it so that you get the fastest reload.  This one gets the job done.  I load all 4 and put them in a small clutch purse I have ... the fit is perfect, so I don't have any problems with carrying them.
This is a good speedloader, I've had one for several years now and just bought another to have a pair.  I'm not a match shooter, so don't know how it would compare to higher-end products, but for casual range use or having a speedloader loaded up with snakeshot in my pocket while out in the field, it does its job.  I'm still learning how to use it, I have a little trouble lining up the ammunition with their corresponding hole in the cylinder, so definitely won't be participating in any speed-shooting competitions, but I like having 5 rounds ready to go instead of loading individual rounds each time.
I'm a new shooter and also have my first revolver (Ruger SP101 with 3" barrel). I got this because everyone else with a semi-automatic has their extra magazines, and I wanted extra ready ammo also. The local gun stores sell this same HKS item for $12 and up; I paid less than $10 here on Amazon. I plan to buy one or two more. Of course, I can't find .38 Special ammo anywhere in my area to load it with... (and I'm too small to even want to try .357 if I can even find it). Recommended!
HKS makes a quality speedloader, and has for a while. Their products are well-made and generally work as advertised. In the past I've used LCR and Smith & Wesson Model 637 speedloaders with no issue.I bought this loader for my 1968-manufactured unshrouded second-generation Colt Detective Special with the full-size factory wood grips. The loader won't seat completely due to the grip. I can still drop the rounds at a slight angle and it is workable, but given that this loader is listed as compatible with the Colt, the fact that it doesn't work with factory grips is unacceptable.Four stars for quality, minus one for not working well with a revolver it was advertised to work with.
First off this review is just about the loader, not the supplier. THIS THING WILL NOT FIT THE COLT 38 DET SPECIAL. It is too big to get lined up with the cylinder  because it is agenst the frame of the gun. It will only allow the tips of 4 out of six of the bullets to be placed in the cylinder then you have to relice the bullets and guide them in the rest of the way after you move the speed loader out of the way. DON'T BUY IT FOR THIS GUN.
I have two of these speedloaders, both for .38 revolvers. One is a 5 shot and the other, a 6 shot. The loaders themselves are fine and certainly of high quality for the price. However, both of them snag on the grips and have to be wrestled into position. It is also a bit awkward to unlock the rounds when they are in the chambers. I have recommended these loaders to my friends but insist that they use them on their own firearms to see if they encounter the same problems that I have.
This speed loader works for 6 shot 45 colt revolvers, such as the Governor. Any negative reviews I have seen for this are due to consumers lack of knowledge. To clear up issues from previous reviews: 1. Of course this six shot cartridge holder will not fit your five shot revolver. 2. The number 25-5 is a model number, nothing more. 3. No, 410 shells and 45 ACP rounds will not work in this speed loader. Only 45 colt. I have several speed loaders for different calibers by this company and have never had any issues.
HKS Revolver Speedloader for S&W; 25-5/Taurus .45 Raging BullIt's a good product. But, they sent me the wrong ones. The Taurus comes in both 6 round and 5 round variants. I met a guy at the range who gave me the info on what he ordered. His were 5 round speed-loaders. They sent me 6 round speed-loaders. I note from another reviewer that this has happened before. Like the earlier reviewer, I now have to return them. There is not a contact the seller link on this products page. Too bad. I might have been able to get the right information  the first time! Hey Amazon, you can certainly fix this!
I got mine for Charter Arms .44 Bulldogs as well. A 4" Target Bulldog and a 2.5" carry gun. The Bulldogs are so compact (and the cartridge they fire so large) that the speed loader just barely fits. As the first reviewer said, you have to jiggle things a bit to get the rounds to drop.It is not as easy as my S&W; Model 29, where there's plenty of clearance and it's dead easy to use the speedloader. As was said, though, it's much faster than dropping the rounds in one at a time. I got two just for the sake of convenience, and I'm glad I did. Would definately recommend these speedloaders to Bulldog owners.
I got these to make shooting at my practice range easier. They needed a little breaking it but, after reloading each about 3-5 times, they all work smoothly and as expected now. I've used numerous types and brands of ammo including reloads and they all work perfectly now. I'm using these with a '74 S+W .38Spl K-frame square butt revolver. I had to change grips because the ones that came on the gun were in the way of the loader. The new grip also has an integrated laser for quick targeting and, if needed, hopefully making your target think twice about attacking you. I re-stock ATMs part time and this is the setup I carry when I'm moving money around. I always carry it loaded and with at least 2-3 speed loaders loaded and ready - just in case. So far, knock on wood, I haven't had to use it in that situation.
This is a nice little speedloader for the price.  The rounds don't fit 100% secure when locked in place, but this hasn't been a problem for me.I will be buying another.  4/5 stars, and I only took one star off because of the slight "jiggle" of the rounds when it is locked in place.It feels like quality material, and it works quick, releases the rounds when you want it to, and is a good fit on my S&W; model 10 .38 special.
This is the "10A" HKS speedloader.  It is skinny enough that it will load my Dan Wesson 15-2 .357 with the Hogue grip.  Certain other six-shot speedloaders will not fit because there is not enough room between the edge of the speedloader and the side of the revolver for the cylinders to line up with the bullets.  I am imagining that this problem exists with certain smaller revolvers and grips.  This one works well with my Dan Wesson and still does a great job with larger revolvers such as my Ruger GP100.  Recommended.  RJB.
These loaders are a little to big to work with stock grips on a rossi 972, however using a sander, you can bevel the back edge, and they will work.  This is far from a perfect solution, but I've tried safariland comp II, and they won't work on this model at all.  I doubt Comp I would work, but I don't know about comp IIIIf I get free time, I'll upload some pics of the mods.  Go slowly, test fit frequently -- you probably don't want to over-do it.  I also sanded down the rubber grips at the interference point a little (Remove the grips from the gun first, duh).When finished, best operation comes from inserting the ammo just past the crimp line, then releasing.  It's not perfect -- sometimes it kinda binds, but it's faster than loading individually or with speed-strips.Primarily used with 38 spl, The longer 357 rounds increase the difficulty of using these.
Never owned a speedloader before but I decided to purchase a few for my GP100 .357 Magnum revolver. At the tiime, I didn't know of any other make but the HKS seemed to be a quality product. I haven't changed my mind about that after using this product for some time now. Simplicity itself and they work beautifully. i now know there are &#34;other&#34; speedloaders out there but you would be hard pressed to beat the HKS for reliability and, almost impossible to beat the product for the price.
If you are engaged in speed shooting, these are just about perfect. I had my seamstress aunt make a band that fits around my left upper thigh. I thread this on, fill the carriers and stick 'em in. I can flip the cylinder out of my 686 with my right hand and push the empties while I grab a new set and drop them in with my left in about two and a half seconds. I normally set the flaps so that they're only holding on by about an eight of an inch.
These little pouches are great. I've bought 5 so far. I use them for every size speed loader, and also for my little bitty North American Arms .22 revolver extra cylinders. The pouches are a little tight for the aluminum 5-Star speed loaders for my Taurus 608's 8 shot .357 Magnum. [But they fit.] And the pouches were way loose for my NAA spare cylinders. [I just took a piece of round wooden dowel material that fit the pouch, cut it to the correct length, and drilled a hole down the middle the appropriate size for the cylinders and I was in business.] The pouches aren't particularly "dressy" like a leather one would be, but I take them to the range and they are very functional for my purposes.
Fits 5 and 6 shot compact speed loaders, .38 spc, .357 mag and .45 colt. All fit after letting a full speed loader sit in it over night. This is especially true for a 6 shot .45 colt. Only issues I see at this point are first it has to be a compact speed loader (meaning it can only have the small knob on the top as a release mechanism), anything larger won't allow the top flap to close. Second, the velcro on the top flap that serves as the retention device, does not always feel very secure. It may be just me, but I don't want a speed loader falling to the floor any more tthan I want my handgun falling. However, I did give this item 4 stars based on the price and capacity.
I use this in combination with the Safariland J-C7 speed loader.These are cheaply priced.  The downside is material.  There is obviously no stiffness which can make getting at your speed loaders somewhat clumsy.  I was fumbling with this a bit at the range while practicing fast reloads with my .38.  The tricky part is getting your fingers on the speed loader without pushing the sides down onto the loader.  On the plus side, they will accommodate different brands and you could probably even fit a spare black powder cylinder in them if you are a cap and ball enthusiast.All in all they are a good buy.  They are cheaper than the leather versions.  But it would be nice to see the same product with some sort of reinforcement stitched into the sides of the speed loader compartment.
Although the description says "One size case fits all speed loaders" it should say that "one size case fits all HKS speed loaders".  Other than that caveat, the product does just what it promised to do.  If you have a different brand speed loader, then you might not be able to use this case.  Since HKS makes speed loaders for almost every caliber, this should not be an issue.  I have both HKS speed loaders and non-HKS speed loaders so I won't be able to universally use this.
These work for their intended purpose. I carry them on the belt with my S&W 357. Others have said that they don't have the form that the leather does, but once they are loaded and put on the belt, a little cheap hair spray will stiffen them right up. Besides, loading the speed loaders and putting them in the pouches isn't exactly where time is a factor. What counts is when you drop the empty cartridges on the ground and reach for the speed loader that matters. In that fashion, the velcrow works just fine.
If you carry a revolver, this is a good case for your speedloaders that won't take up much space, stick out, or be uncomfortable.  I've used hard cases that are quicker, but those are too bulky, and tend to jab me when I sit down.  This is more comfortable and doesn't look like it's carrying ammo.  The single layer material is strong enough, and makes it more compact than bulkier padded nylon cases.  It is a little floppy though, so it's not going to offer you the fastest access to your reloads, but it makes for a good compromise between big stiff cases, and fumbling around in your pockets.
The set I received actually contains twelve very well made and finished brass jags in an upright standing opaque plastic box roughly 4"W x 1"D x 2"H with a continuous hinged snap-close lid.  The jags range from .17 to .45 caliber.  They are far superior to the plastic jags included with an otherwise fine universal cleaning kit, and fit the sectional cleaning rod supplied with that kit well.  Price seemed to me quite reasonable for the finish, caliber range, weight and convenient, durable packaging of this product.  If, as I expect, it survives three years of use in good condition, then I would raise the rating to five stars.I regret this is not a US source product.
I was using the old pin the cloth through the eye hole set before buying this, and I wish I knew years ago I was doing it wrong. With the old eyehole set it would take about 6 patches to really clean the bore due to the limited *star shaped* surface area of the patch, the older/people who have used this before know what I am talking about. With this Jag set, the entire patch is touching the bore, and it only took 4 patches to come back with a clean cotton. More efficient, and a small money saver, a definite must have.
The set of jags is well marked which was one of my primary gripes with other sets.  My old eyes really appreciate that now-a-days!  The set does come with pretty much a full set of calibers, although I'd imagine that you'll wear out the .30 caliber and .22 calibers the fastest.  The keyholes for mounting are a nice touch too if you want to keep them out in your shop.  When you first get them they are quite difficult to pry out of the holder since the plastic is pretty firm.  Give it some time and they'll be your go to set.
Excellent Tipton quality jag set.Brass so you won't have to worry about your barrel if the jag wears through the patch (or catches a corner)Sizes are just right but you have to make sure the patch isn't too large (I find round patches work just the same as the square, as long as you don't have them too big)I think the thread size must be standard for all but the .17 which is the finer thread size.If you catch this set on sale (under thirteen for me) you're getting a great deal.
I got mine today and after figuring out how to set the rotating stop to fit my particular mag (mine has two mag settings available: .380 and 9mm), the only other simple thing to do was find the most comfortable and natural position to hold the HKS so feeding was smooth and effortless.  I know the HKS only cost about a third the price of the lula but if others believe that cost is the one qualifying factor to gauge an equipment's effectiveness, I say more power to them--have at it.  I don't expect my HKS to last forever but, for price and sheer functionality, I'll stick with it any day.  My next speedloader for the other hand cannon will be an HKS, as well.  =))
Say goodbye to the sucky experience of loading your magazines at the range!I have a Hi Point C9 9mm and this loader makes my range experience so much better.  No more fumbling around putting rounds in a mag, no more sore fingers, no more struggling to get the last couple rounds in.I love this thing and can't say enough good about it.  It is tough and made of quality materials.  The magazine fits perfectly inside it.  I am 100% pleased with this product.If you are on the fence about buying one, I can tell you that you won't regret your purchase.
Some  did not like this because it plastic. Partner loves it for easy of loading mag, (loaded over 50 mags with no problems) Alot easy if you have problems with thumbs I bought two was not sure of the size range, plus have other cal to load. Both were great match. For small thin single stack mags the 943 is better the 459 which still load them but has more play. Has adjustment at bottom to hold mag. Plus you dont need a table to load them  or hold the mag from moving is what my partner loved about it.
I just got this "thing" and tried it out on the Bersa 380 OEM magazine and the Pro-Mag after-market magazine designed for this gun. IT WORKS ... and it works great... no more chopped up thumbs, and I can load all 7 rounds in each mag lickety-split where on the Bersa 380's mag, depending on the ammunition, I could load only six rounds, and with much difficulty.Longevity?? Who cares. For 12 bucks just buy another one down the road in a few years.Oh, and by the way, the instructions are a little vague; but if you cannot figure out how this thing works in less than a minute, you probably should not be owning a semi-automatic weapon to begin with, let alone being allowed to reproduce.
Well I have to say that at first when I was reading about it in AMAZON and checking them out YOUTUBE I was like &#34;yeah right&#34; but I have to say this works great.  I used it several time at home before I take it with me to the range & I have to say it works great!!!!  Makes reloading the magazines easy & fast.  Using them at the range is perfect plus it doesn't hurt my fingers from reloading the mags at the range & it makes target practice more fun.
This thing works well on single stack 380s.  You do need to adjust a couple of places, but once you do it is a champ.  It needs better instructions, but I saw a video on U-tube comparing it to a more expensive model and they showed how to adjust it.  Once it is adjusted it is easy to hold the magazine and add ammo till the magazine is filled.  It does feel like the plastic won't last forever but if it breaks, I can afford another one.  It works easier than the one in the box that came with my double stack pistol .Great product.
I purchased this for a Springfield XDs 9mm.  I have a similar one for another model and love it. This one is adjustable, and would be great if it fit my mag. Does not work with XDs 9mm, it is too narrow. So the statement that it would work with almost all single stacks is not accurate. But the concept and design worked great overall, and deserves a good rating for the mags it does fit.I love this brand and approach for fast range reloading, and have used it in the past. Saves my thumb!I ordered a different model for a replacement. HKS451 and am hopeful because comments indicate it should work with my mag.Would have given 5 stars if it fit mine, but went with 4 due to lack of specifics in the description.
While familiar with speed loaders for larger calibers, this one took a little time to adjust to.  Unlike my other speed loaders, this one does not fully seat the rounds in the cylinder of my two year old Taurus 94.  Using R******** 22 long rifle brass-plated hollow point rounds, the speed loader easily allowed the bullet to enter the cylinders but not the casing.  The knurled aluminum knob is secured on the underside in such a way as to prevent the speed loader from sitting flush on the cylinder. I spoke with HKS about this and was assured that the one I was using was not an outlier.Once that is recognized, you can adjust your technique.  When used with the Speedbeez 4 banger 9 shot Speed Block (sold by Amazon), it makes reloading fast and reliable - no more dropped rounds.There are other speed loaders available that may operate without this issue but they are far pricier and hopefully I can adapt to the restriction.
I have this on my range.  It works great.  Shoot it with 9mm from AR-15 or handgun.  38 special, you name it.  The only issue I had is I can't get it in the ground (it's hard ground).  My solution was to get plastic tupperware tray a few inches deep and fill it with quickcrete.  Then, set this in there.  Now I can move it and it never gets knocked over.  I own a ton of steel targest and I highly recommend this one....
I'm shooting this target with a 9mm and it has zero trouble withstanding those rounds.  I'm ordering a second so that I can go back and forth between them as it takes a few seconds for the plates to stop spinning.  I just spray them with orange paint once the color has been sufficiently blasted off.  My target range is on my personal property and is a narrow lane cut into dense thicket, so I have angled slightly to ensure any bullet splatter will ricochet to the side (which also goes into a hill) instead of back at me.  I don't have any worries about standing at 15-20 yards or using FMJ.  Wear your shooting glasses and have fun.
I bought this cleaning rod to use on my .22LR caliber rifles. It does work okay on them but I think it is really designed to work best with 22 caliber centerfire rifles like .223 or 22-250, etc. It is a tight fit when using it with a .22LR caliber rifle. But it does work and I still use it on my .22LR rifles. I thought the coating on the rod would be great to help protect the bore of the rifles but it seems to chip and scrape off easily on contact with sharp edges so I am not sure the coating is really needed. Other than that it is a good quality cleaning rod that I use often.
I got this "one-piece" coated cleaning rod to help protect the bore during cleaning but the coating is starting to flake off near the patch-holder and at the screw joint.  It's really not "one-piece" because the patch holder screws onto the rod.  I don't know if the one I got just had a poor coating job or if the solvents are just too much for the coating.  I think I'll go with a carbon fiber rod in the future.  I also thought the 33" length would be plenty long but with at least one brand of bore guide in my Weatherby Vanguard S2 .30-06 the patch will not fully clear the end of the muzzle - works okay with another shorter brand of bore guide though.
After snapping the connecting ends off the cheap cleaning kit rod ends I got tired and just got a solid one for cleaning my rifle . I know I will not have to tilt my rifle to wiggle out the broken section of the cleaning rod out the end of the rifle ever again .  I bought 2 one to replace the one I broke at a friends house and one for myself . Great investment so far and it fits all of my bore brushes and mops except for my shotgun which uses bigger threads . I may have to get an adapter but that is neither here or there .
I learned that there is a difference between the short jags and the long jags.  The long ones were too tight to fit in my barrel, so I had to switch to the short ones.  The jag is sized correctly, the problem is that the patch you put around it will have some folds in it.  On these long jags, those folds increase the overall thickness too much.  You could probably cut the patches so they fit better, but that's a lot more trouble than just switching to a short jag.However, I discovered that these longer jags are just what the Dr ordered for cleaning the magazine tube.  So it wasn't a waste of money or anything.
Case was mislead because the picture does not show the clips. The case so far has no technical problems, it is however just not what I expected. It's small, but cheaply made, the clip mechanism is a snap-like action with no folds, so it reminds me of how ammo cases are folded. The package also took long to arrive. The case is overpriced for the quality, but nonetheless it hasn't broke down yetEDIT: after a year of using this case.  I regret buying it. and should've coughed up 2 extra dollars for a much better, more durable and reliable case. this case dries up my pistol, so do not use this if you have a metal frame gun.  i hate this case and have been using it to hold my art supplies instead.
I recently purchased a Bersa Thunder 380 and needed a lockable hard case for it.  Looked at a few options on Amazon and selected this case because of price and it had the Amazon Prime shipping option.  It actually arrived the next afternoon and I was able to fit the Bersa and two additional magazines in it (I attached a photo to the listing).  It is a sturdy case that closes easy and stays closed (I intentionally dropped it to see).  The pistol stays snug with the foam inserts.  Also the holes for the lock are in a good spot, easily accessible but not in the way.  If you are looking for a good case at a great price...this is the one.  My Taurus PT111 and one additional magazine fits (but I have another case for that one).
I bought this case for my new Ruger 1911 pistol.  The Ruger comes with a nice cloth carrying case with Ruger logo, but I wanted a hard case that would lock. I did not want to have to use the mandatory lock that is shipped with all firearms.  The case is too small for the Ruger 1911 which is the same size as any 1911 series pistol.  I have four magazines for the 1911 (after all the magazines that come with the pistol are only 8 rounds and 7 rounds).  The case would not close unless one pushed hard to close it with only one magazine in the pistol.  With three other magazines, it cannot close.  As for the product, it is OK.  It looks well made and it is Made in America.  I gave it three stars because it might work for smaller pistols, but not the 1911.  For a small pistol like a Ruger SR22, it would work great.
First off, I am NOT using this to store a gun.  I'm using it to store a shaver.  Regardless, I find the case quality lacking a bit. The latches are cheap feeling and don't have a positive action to them, and the &#34;hinge&#34; is not a hinge but rather a thin piece of plastic that WILL break after enough open/close cycles.  Comparing this to a Plano case, it's a night and day difference.  This will do OK storing my shaver but it's really rather disappointing considering similar offerings by Plano.  The reason I did not get the Plano (aside from the fact that I didn't expect the poor quality), is that I needed something smaller than their cases.
When I received the case it was a bit smaller than I expected but very accomodating. I fit my M&P; 22 which is the size of a standard M&P; pistol. My 1911 suprizingly also fit. They just fit nicely, no waisted space as shown in the description photo. I was very pleased.Outside 9.5" X 6.5" approximately, and inside 8.75" X 5.5" useable space. An additional magazine probably wouldn't fit with one of these larger guns however. A smaller pocket type pistol (Sig P238) would fit easy with an extra mag. Nice foam inside and secure latches.
I've been using Hoppe's products for more years that I will admit and have always been pleased with them. Of course their #9 is a classic, but their brushes, jags, rods and patches are all top quality as well. Sure other companies make good stuff too, but I know I'm not ever going to be disappointed with anything made by Hoppe's. Check out their new Viper bore snake, by the way. Just when you thought there wasn't anything new in gun-cleaning technology!
Daryl is most correct, cloth works much better than Hoppes synthetic.  Good cloth patches save time and you use less than you would of the synthetic ones.Years ago Hoppes use to be a terry cloth and they worked very well.  I still have some I purchased in the 1980's that were from the 1950's I found in a small hardware store with some new old stock cloth patches.  I purchased the Hoppes before I knew aboutButch's 3-Inch Square-10,12,16 Gauge Triple Twill Cleaning PatchesThese are the ones I use the most:Butch'S Twill Cleaning Patches (Bag Of 500) (2-1/4-Inch)The Hoppes are cheap in bulk and I now use them to clean the sound tube on Edison Model L M and A cylinder record player sound tubes, the Hoppes work well as you only need to remove dirt and oil.  At least they will not go to waste.
Can't beat Hoppe's quality. You might think "a patch is a patch." The last batch I bought were from another company and cheaper. "Good enough," I thought. Wrong. They were irregular in size and apparently made of varying rag stock. Some were soft and fluffy, others hard and not absorbent. Some had regular edges, others were frayed. This time, I spent a little more and got a consistent, high quality product. The Hoppe's patches are uniform, of good absorbency and of good firmness. That is elementary, but you get what you pay for, and the cheap patches were an annoyance and a poor pursuit of economy. Hoppe's patches do the job perfectly, and I don't notice them any more. I don't think that I am supposed to notice them.
I mostly use the spear type jags, as opposed to the slotted ones, and find that thicker patches are too tight fitting. For slotted jags, a bigger thicker patch is good. I've found that it's good to have an assortment of patches for different purposes. These are good for cleaning the bore with a spear type jag. Twill is strong and good for scrubbing internal parts. Flannel is soft and absorbent but can leave lint behind and is good for external parts. Anyway, that's how I use them.
The reviews here seem to be written by kind gentlemen who don't wish to sound harsh. But what they do say is quite a problem. These Hoppe's patches are way too small for the bores they say they are deigned for. These Hoppe's patches look like the same as the  &#34;Outers&#34; brand 17/.22 caliber patches but Hoppe's must be much thinner. I needed THREE .22/.270 caliber Hoppe's patches for each pass in my .223 caliber rifle. And I needed two and one half patches of the Hoppe's .270/.38 caliber patches to fit my .308 rifle. These tiny patches will cost you much more in the long run than the superior cotton patches from &#34;Pro-Shot&#34; that are sold here. If the Amazon word search here for &#34;gun patches&#34; (?) had shown the available Pro-Shot brands, I definitely would have ordered them and been very happy. As it is, I am not that pleased. Go for the Outers (better) or ProShot (best) brands.
Its obviously some synthetic material, not cotton.  It does fray if you catch it on something, then it just starts to fall apart.  It is also very thin.  Barely put a drop of CLP on it and it soaks the entire patch.  Not a huge fan of these.  Ended up buying these:Butch'S Twill Cleaning Patches (Bag Of 375)(2-1/2-Inch).Now I only use these to wrap it around a nylon brush when I scrub down the inside of the bolt area of the rifle (when the BCG is removed).  Works ok for that.
Otis, Hoppe&#8217;s, Kleenbore, and M-Pro 7 best names in the business for cleaning your handguns and long rifles.They make brushes, mops, patches, lead cloths, silicon cloths, and cleaners.Amazon has great prices.Here are my general steps every 250 rounds or so:I would use the M-Pro 7 cleaner and the brushes to loosen the gunk/lead from inside your barrel and other areas i.e. slide, gas piston...Then I use the the patches and mops to remove the gunk/lead from your gunI repeat the above steps  till spic n span.I might need the help of lead patches for those stubborn spots.I add a few tiny drop of lubricating oil (check your manual)Then I use your silicon cloth to clean the outside of the gun which adds a coat of silicone to prevent rust (check the finish of your gun first)
While I have not used the Hoppe's .38-.45 caliber patches yet, I just finished using the .22-.270 caliber size in my .223 rifle and the .270-.38 caliber size in my .308. THEY ARE REDICULOUSLY SMALL AND THEREFORE WASTEFUL. I needed 3 patches to feel any correct resistance in my .223, and 2.5 of the .270/.38 patches in my .308! Stick with the Pro-Shot cotton patches, also sold here as well. They will be far cheaper in the long run because you only need one patch per swipe instead of three.  Pro-Shot is best.....Outers is acceptable.....Hoppe's fail the test.
Yeah, you could spend an hour cutting up old t-shirts and save some money.  And end up with irregular shapes, loose strings, etc.  For a few bucks, you get a supply that will last a lifetime for some folks.  Even if you shoot often, 500 patches is going to last you a LONG time.  You could pay this much for a tiny bag of patches at a sporting goods store.  Good deal, exp. coming from the iconic name in gun cleaning.
I have purchased these a while ago for my smalls caliber arms, and they work great!These are not cotton, as many reviewers have notes, however I like them better - all the cotton ones leave lint and these do not!From a cleaning stand point, they work as well as any, they are cheap, and they are a good size for up to 9mm - they are a little small for a .45 - for my liking. They still do the job, however they just look like they don't provide as good coverage in the bigger barrel....and the reason I would buy locally next time is that my local store chain of popular supermarkets in the northeast (starts with M) has the $1-2 dollars cheaper. Felt really silly when I went in for something else and noticed them on the shelf, without a week of waiting and cheaper.Cheers!K.
Back in the 1980's and earlier Hoppe's patches were cotton flannel, then they went to this cheap synthetic material.  You have to use two patches at a time because they are thin and do not absorb very well.  The only good thing about these is the price buying in bulk.Hoppes Gun Cleaning Patches, 38 to 45 CaliberYou could pay $2.60 + $5.54 shipping for 40 of these patches, here you get 500 for $7.37.  They are OK, but the cotton flanel ones like theAllen Company Gun Cleaning Patches (225 Pieces)for 30Cal, 357 Handgun to 45Calare much better.They are good for use as applicators when you do not want to waste a quality patch.
I ordered this on the 17th of April. It still hasn't arrived!!!!  Apparently, it takes OVER A WEEK to ship 1 item. Now I'm normally very patient with these things, but holy crap people. It's been 2 weeks!!!Other than that, I've used this product before. You'll need to oil or lubricate your firearm after using this but it does dry quickly and cleans well. Generally, I clean with oil, spray this stuff throughout and wipe down, then oil again. I'm fairly meticulous with cleaning my firearms though so you may not need to do this.
I like to clean up my Glock 21 4th generation and spray this stuff on the bottom of the slide and barrel assembly, and get a small squirt in the trigger group.  It sprays on wet, and blows out loose crap, but dries to a white finish.  The white finish is the dry lubricant, and it works well.  I treated my squeaky door hinges on my Jeep with this stuff and the squeaks went away.  Can't beat that.  And since it's a dry lube, it won't attract dust and dirt like wet lubricants will.  Best to stock up on this stuff because you never know when it's gonna be gone.
This stuff is the bomb. I use after cleaning my guns and putting them away. It leaves a protective oil on the gun which protects against rust. Your firearm will look like new after you use it. Also safe on polymer, plastic, and wood. One wipe will clean about 6-8 handguns or 2 rifles. My only complaint would be the price. Remington sells the same stuff in an aerosol spray which can be applied to a lint free cloth for a fraction of the cost.  But I also buy these wipes for portability and convince.
I purchased this product primarily because Remington recommends it (duh, I know!) for their model 870 20-gauge shotgun that I own.  I like the Rem Oil.  It seems to work quite well cleaning the shotgun.  I'm not crazy about the fact that the product is &#34;EXTREMELY FLAMMABLE&#34; and calls for wearing &#34;impermeable gloves&#34;.  Translation?  Toxic stuff!For my other firearms, I use the M-Pro 7 line of firearms cleaner and lubricant.  It is all inflammable and non-toxic.  So, that is the standard that I am personally measuring against.But as I wrote, the Rem Oil seems just fine for my Remington shotgun so all good there.
I like to use them after my range time to give a quick wipe to the pistol so it doesn't go in the bag totally dirty. When I do the strip cleaning and further clean the gun, it leaves the Teflon coat on the finish and don't quite like the look on the black so I further wipe with a blue towel or a micro fiber cloth before I put the weapon away. I'm going to buy the other brand just to compare.  I'll post my review when I'm ready.
These work well.  They're basically a soft, thin cloth material imbued with rem oil, the all-purpose cleaner/re-greaser from remington.  I'm not sure how much of a hit they take for cost-effectiveness versus a bottle of the stuff and your own wipes, but I feel they make up for it in convenience.  Also, easy to throw in a bag to take with for whatever reason.  They clean and grease well, and at the speed I work, generally stay moist/effective enough to clean one shotgun at a time.  I'm sure if you were more speed conscious you could fit in another long gun or handgun or two, but the grime does build up and you might want to switch anyway.  All-in-all I'm happy with these wipes and will probably purchase again.
I&#34;v read many articles and checked blogs and there is a lot of talk about how easily the remington tactical contracts rust.  With pump type application I think you don't waist as much as using the spray can.  I have the remington cleaning towel and I use the pump bottle to add a little more rem oil to the towel.  I haven't noticed any rust at all,  yet.  I suppose I'm a remington fan and I like everything remington to far.  But I&#34;m open minded to any product that does the job.
speaking from years of experience with many oils this one is good for the money but nothing special.to further explain it is a thin low viscous oil, good for base lube on a gun or knife sharpening.it is not as good as a thicker oil for rust prevention or heavy lube.this stuff also smells awful no idea how toxic it is but it smells like a weak solvent, however does not work for cleaning very well.bottom line wd40 does the same thing better for less, and is easier to get.for a real gun enthusiast you need a 3 in 1 clean, lube, protect break free is what pros use, kleen bore 3 in 1 is also good.some of my teachers recommend Smith&Wesson; oil it is also very good.simply put water is not the only thing that will mar your gun, you gotta watch for sand, dirt and other stuff.
I got a free sample of these with a firearm cleaning kit a while back, and I finally ran out, so time to get more.  They're great - reasonably strong material saturated with a nice lubricating oil, and more than enough to complete a job with one wipe.  They're good for much more than guns, though - anything that needs a light layer of oil to prevent rust and keep surfaces sliding smoothly against each other - hand tools, in particular seem to like these.  I'm still finding uses for them, and one wipe goes a long way.
This product is great! Does what it says and doesn't make a mess! It comes with a tube to fit on the spray nozzle so you can concentrate the Rem-Oil to your desired location! Rem-Oil will definitely decrease the wear on metal-to-metal contact.Pros:- Great cleaning and lubing solution!- Spray can comes with a plastic tube you can attach for more precise applications- You can use it for just about ANYTHING! (This product works so well, it will replace your WD-40!!!)Cons:- None (aside from price)Recommendation(s)/Suggestion(s):- Use this to lube just about everything! (No, not to be used on latex or humans (-_-"))In other words, this product is superb!
These Boresnakes are amazing, to put it simply. What used to take at least 30 minutes to an hour or so depending on the gun now only takes 5-10 minutes at most! The key is to make sure you get the cotton swab attachment that for some reason is not included with the Boresnake. That's the only downfall is the cotton swab attachment to finish up the cleaning. It does have the copper bristles to first scrub the barrel, then the entire length of the "snake" polishes, and the swab attached at the end with some lubricating oil finishes off the process. Do this two or three times, DONE! Even without the swab, it's an amazing item and a definite addition to you home or field cleaning kit.
The Good:  I buy these by the bushel and give them out like candy.  There is no way to say enough about these bore brushes.  I have been using them for over ten years, both in military and civilian capacities.  I recommend them 10/10 times.The Bad:  The only and very minor complaint is the wire brush part.  After prolonged usage, they can bend on you and become close to useless.  Unfortunately there is no real way to right them back up.  Regardless however, even with them slightly bent, the product works great.
Couldn't be easier to clean your rifle after a trip to the range with this boresnake.  I use this for my Mini 30 which shoots the 7.62x39 AK round.  Those rounds are notoriously dirty and some can be corrosive so cleaning your barrell after each shooting trip is critical.  While you still need to do more thorough clenaings of the reciever, bolt, gas block etc. this really works well for ongoing maintentnace.  It takes roughly 30 seconds to clean you barrell.  With it being that quick and easy I'm guessing I'll be a lot more willing to stay on top of routine clenaing needs.
I don't think I've met anybody that wasn't impressed by the Boresnake. It will totally change the way you clean your firearm. It brushes and wipes your barrel clean in a few quick easy motions. It may not be the best product if your firearm is filthy. You will probably have to get an old fashioned brush to scrub the gunk out. However, it does replace patches. One scrub with a Boresnake is equivalent to 5-6 old fashioned patches. This is great for maintenance cleaning. Get one. You won't be sorry.
My dad was a firearms dealer so I've been shooting 50+ years. I was raised to never put a firearm away until it was cleaned and lightly oiled even if only one round had been fired through it so I'm a bit OCD in this area. This Hoppe's BoreSnake is a great tool for cleaning my AR. It's compact and light weight so I can put it in a backpack or BOB for field cleaning without the need for all the rods and brushes. This is definately a must have tool for cleaning your firearms. As for my hand guns I still prefer to use rods and brushes because I actually enjoy taking my time cleaning them. It can be just as therapeutic as gardening.
It is pretty tight pulling this bore snake through a .22 rifle barrel, but it works.  I would expect that it needs to be tight to really get down into the rifling.  I did really have to force it, though, which was a bit of a pain.  It may begin to be easier the more I use it, so we'll see.  Other than that, i love the bore snakes.  i have one for my hunting rifle as well, and it really beats slamming the rods and patches down the barrel over and over to get it clean.  Great tool, very useful.
Bore snakes are fantastic. I have one in every caliber I shoot, and even a couple I don't. They are great for a quick clean in between shooting sessions when I don't want to break out the hoppes and patches. I use it every time I shoot my milsurp rifles soaked in windex, as the primers in surplus ammo are often corrisive. If it gets too dirty I just throw them in a laundry bag along with some dirty rags and my mechanic gloves in a small wash cycle. Well worth the small cost for the great utility.
This would be a must have for any rifle other than a corrosive firing non chromed barrel Mosin Nagant.  I religiously clean the barrels after shooting my Mosin's and it takes forever.  So I bought this to cheat and save a ton of time.It partially worked, cleaning out the barrels pretty decently.  BUT after a week I went back and checked, sure enough it does not get very single bit of grime out of the barrel and they had a light coating or rust starting.Now I used it initially to get the majority of the crud out of the barrel then run a few patches down after words.  It DOES cut down on cleaning time and would be all you need for a chromed lined modern rifle. But with the old WW-2 Era bolt rifles without a chromed barrel, make sure you check a few days later that you do not have rust forming.
This bore cleaner is very well constructed and looks like it will stand up to a lot of use - which you would expect from a Hoppes brand product.  The materials used are high quality and the product works very well.  Makes the chore of cleaning the barrel a quick and easy task.  A weighted tip pulls the cord down the barrel making getting the cleaner in place very easy.  The cord is plenty long and the loop in the opposite end of the cleaner makes it very easy to draw the cleaner back and forth through the barrel for a thorough cleaning.  Only complaint is that the instructions are nonexistent.  If you do not know how to use a bore snake you will be in the dark. I would definitely purchase this product again.
I have a 1934 Mosin Nagant that I regularly shoot surplus corrosive ammo. You MUST clean the gun after shooting to save the bore and mine has about the nicest I have seen ever for an old surplus gun. It used to take me hours, cleaning the bore and the chamber with a brush and patches, but now I just yank the bolt, use a mop on the chamber and bore, let it soak for a minute, brush the chamber, run the snake down the bore twice, patch once to check everything and I am DONE. Saves me at least 1/2 hour (I keep my guns very clean and happy)
I use these before shooting and just after shooting in all of my firearms. These are great product and I wish that they had come around sooner.For my Mosin Nagant, and when firing corrosive ammunition, I normally use two of these immediately after a shooting session; one is soaked in Windex with ammonia to saturate the barrel and neutralize the corrosive residue and a second soaked in Ballistol to help protect the barrel until I can get it a more thorough cleaning. I keep them in my shooting bags so that I always have them with me for a shooting session.I can throw them in a sock and toss them into the washer for cleaning. If you own a firearm, you really need this product.
I purchased this to clean my ruger 10/22 since it can only be cleaned from the muzzle end. I apply solvent, in this case Hoppes 9, let it sit for 5 minutes while I service the rest of the weapon then I run this bore snake through two times, then apply more solvent and run it through again twice.You take the brass weight and drop it through wherever you wish to clean, and pull the snake through.Good product, I wish it were US made, it is made in China.
Many reviewers made this seem like a bloody miracle.  It may just be that we're shooting completely different stuff.  I shoot a lot of older stuff (91/30 Mosin Nagant, VZ.24 Mauser, Type 99 Arisaka) and I love this because it is so compact I can take it in my range bag and run it through a few times right after shooting.  I do not see a specific patch section of the bore snake, though perhaps they are counting the rest of the body of the snake for that.  I may tie in a couple of strips of cloth to get a tighter fit for that function.I still use my Dewey rods on the barrel and do a full break down and cleaning (I'm shooting corrosive ammo) when I get home, but this does a great job for an initial cleaning.
This product is great. It is a must have for anyone who shoots a lot. I can use this at the range to keep proper function and tight groups. It really cuts down on cleaning time.I know others have stated that they don't think it scrubs the bore good enough, I do agree with that after a long shooting session. But what I do is use a regular bore brush if it needs it and the boresnake as well in place of patches.  The boresnake works much better than any patch I have ever used and it is reusable. It is great to have for hunting when a shot may not be taken or only a couple shots are down the barrel.For the price amazon is selling them for it is worth having around even if you do want to keep your old bore brush as well. I don't have to worry about running out of patches, having to find or cut the right patch size, or taking more than a mInute to maintain a unfired or slightly dirty firearm.
Hoppe's makes the best boresnake on the market, bar none. I had a snake made by another company, whose name I will not mention, that did not a terrible job of removing fouling. I now use it solely to apply lubricant to the barrel. A few run throughs with the Hoppe's boresnake, however, and the black crap came right out of my Mosin with no fuss. It's the brass bristles that make the difference, they really grip and scrub out lead and carbon fouling without damaging the barrel. The wide cloth end for soaking up solvent (I use Hoppe's No. 9) wipes the scrubbed out gunk out and leaves the bore nice and shiny. I will buy one of these for my shooting buddy come Christmas.
And it works great, I figured I could overlook the 0.3 difference. Boresnakes are great, somebody had a great idea and I wish it had been me. Makes cleaning barrels incredibly fast and easy. I'll use a boresnake and then clean the barrel again with a patch or vice versa, just because I enjoy cleaning up at the end of the day, but this has everything you'd want or need in one pass through the barrel. Very clever and efficient. Gotta admire that. It takes longer to gather this thing up to put it away than it does to use it, really.
My son has been trying to get me to buy one of these for a long time but I am an old rod and patch person and thought there was no other way to completely clean the bore of a gun.  I finally purchased one of these and I am impressed.  It really does the job, especially out in the field when you need to do a quick cleaning and caint carry all the accessories needed to do it right.  I also use this in conjunction with wetting down the bore with solvent and soaking, then use the bore snake to remove the fouling.  It works like a dream.  I have one of these for every caliber now.
This little boresnake is great for .22lr rifles, especially the Ruger 10/22.  With that rifle, you must clean from the muzzle to the receiver when using a traditional rod and patch.  This is not ideal as you can damage the crown of the muzzle.With a boresnake, however, you can clean from the receiver and exit the muzzle.  Quick, easy, and does the job on the Ruger 10/22.I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 simply because I think this should sell for approximately $12.
This Bore Snake has a sort of nylon brush in the center rather then the brass on used on fire arms. It does a great job and much easer to use then cleaning pellets. No chance of scratching the barrel, works much better then a rod.Air Gun barrels are made of a softer metal then Fire Arms so using a conventional boar snake is not a good idea for air guns. This is a great solution.I also use this in my .22 air rifle as it seems to do a good job with them also.
I use bore snakes for both pistols and long rifles...After forty years of using the "classic" rod, brush, patch system of cleaning 1911 .45s, M-16s, M-60s, .22 rifle, 9 mm pistols, .308 and 30-06 rifles, using ANY other method is simply a non starter...  The bore snake is simple, reliable, and much less hassle for routine cleaning.One thing that is different about the bore snake is that it is a bit messy to handle during and after use, so I use rubber gloves when cleaning weapons, and store the bore snake in a Ziploc bag....
Bore snakes work so well!  I must have 10 of them around.  This price was way better than I could find locally.  Bore Snakes will make you pack all your bending/breaking/scratching metal cleaning rods up and put them in a box to be forgotten.  2 pulls of a bore snake is like monkeying around with dirty smelly patches and a metal rod that scratches your barrel's crown for an hour.  Dip the wire brush part at the front in Hoppe's bore solvent, put a few drops of Mobile 1 along the long fat swap part works great.  Mobile 1 works great and is much cheaper than tiny bottles of thin "magic potion" oil.
These BoreSnakes have been around for a while now, and it's such a simple design.  It's an improvement on the old "pull-string" barrel cleaning methods that required the user to clean the barrel in separate steps RE pull-through the bore brush, then pull-through the cleaning patch.  This BoreSnake does it all at one time.  It's also good because it allows the user to clean his/her firearm from chamber-to-muzzle, which is preferable to cleaning from muzzle-to-chamber, which lessens the chances of pulling dirt/grime/etc. back into the chamber area.One note - if using this 5.56 BoreSnake in an AR type rifle, you'll still need to clean the locking-lug area with a military type chamber brush because the BoreSnake can't clean that particular area.  However, it does a fast and great job with the AR's chamber and barrel.  A very worthwhile purchase.
I have used Boresnakes for years for my handguns and rifles, of all calibers. Except, until now, .22LR.I managed to get it about 1/4 of the way into the bore, but it wouldn't budge any further. The nylon leader began to break, so I 'backed it out' and took it back to the vendor (not Amazon.com).You might have a different experience in .22LR, but this was just a tight squeeze, and I'll stick with the cleaning rod, pull through, jag and patches.In other calibers these work fine, but they should be thoroughly washed with every use, or else you're just dragging old junk through the barrel again.
These bore snakes are much easier to use and cause much less damage to the barrel than your traditional push rod and brush. I find that I can spray in, or simply add a few drops of, bore cleaner into the barrel and allow it to soak in for a few minutes and then just pull this through a few times and the bore is clean.  An extra wet patch sometimes if I have gone a few days from when I last shot the gun. I have them in multiple calibers and they all seem to work equally well.
Okay, I'll admit that there is still certainly a place for the ever-useful cleaning patch, but the bore snake is a huge time saver without sacrificing the quality of cleaning. In fact, it seems to me that the bore snake gets the bore cleaner than multiple patches ever did. These snakes are super easy to use, and provide the tightness and lots of surface to really scrub the bore clean. What's more, for rifles that don't allow access to the breech for a long cleaning rod - you can now properly clean them in the right direction (breech to muzzle). And, the snake is washable for a long life of continued use.
I am a trained military armorer, an NRA instructor, a military competition shooter and someone who just plain enjoys shooting guns. Not cleaning them so much, mostly shooting them. There are books written about different ways to clean guns and I won't go into that here.I am firmly in the 'clean the carbon leave the copper' camp. The Boresnake lets me do that and quickly. Its not a replacement for a actual stiff cleaning rode, which you should always have around for different reasons like stuck cases. But I can take a brake at a match or sniper course, run a Boresnake through my rifle and be ready to get back on line in minutes. They work great, take up no room and stow anywhere. When using one you should poor your cleaning solvent onto the forward part of the snake and not dig it to prevent contamination. That said it gets done what its made for, nothing fancy or super special. But its reliable, inexpensive and super easy to use. Every shooter should have one.
This works great for my Marlin Model 60.  Some people do not care for bore snakes, but I personally do not mind that they do not get my gun surgically clean.  The trade off for me is ease of use.  Dab some CLP or other solvent directly onto the snake above the bristle section and pull through three times, good to go.  When these things start to get filthy, you can either wash them by hand with soap and hot water, or put them in a sock and toss them in the washing machine.
I have multiple Boresnakes and as my title suggests they do work quite well and really help while at the range and want a quick spruce-up of your weapon.Now I have also bought a cleaning kit for each of my calibers as well, for nothing is quite as satisfying to my OCD with my firearms than a clean white patch coming out of the barrel.If you've only shot a few rounds at the range this thing is awesome, but if your gun is really soiled, you have a brass build-up, or you just want to zen out and clean your gun then go with regular kits.  It's hard to tell with a Boresnake if the barrel is clean or not, for they are usually a dark color.  But again, still a very good product and will continue to purchase them.
We use Hoppe's No. 9, cloth patches and bronze brushes for the really deep cleanings before storage, but we use Hoppe's bore snakes for quick cleanings in between.  They are well made, fit in your pocket or gun kit, and last for years.  Each one is stamped with the proper caliber so you can grab the right one.  The weight on one end drops it down the barrel, and the handle on the other end gives you a firm grip when pulling it in and out.Using a bore snake polishes out gun powder residue, protecting your barrel from pitting, and improves your accuracy by removing any gunk that would interfere with the bullet trajectory.  When your bore snake gets dirty, just hand wash it, and you're good to go.Every gun enthusiast should have a Hoppe's bore snake for each caliber weapon he or she fires.
I don't like the viper version much, I think it's just inflated pricing.Anyway, I always use gun scrubber on my barrel, then I scrub (with bronze brush) my barrel vigorously.Then I use rem-oil, spray down my barrel (ensuring the gun scrubber stuff is washed out) and again scrub my barrel.Finally, i'll put a bit of Hoppe's elite gun oil on the bristle part of this product and run it through my barrel a few times.Lastly i'll inspect with a bore light, and repeat this process as necessary until I have a spotless barrel.That being said, a boresnake is an essential part of barrel cleaning nowadays and essentially replaces barrel cleaning cloths. Boresnakes also do a much better job at &#34;detailing&#34; a barrel, making it shiny (for chrome lined barrels) and spotless.This works on 7.62x39 barrels (i.e. AK barrels)
I use this for my Ruger 10/22 rifle, 22 inch barrel, my Ar-15's ( Colt and M&P Sport-15, 5.56) and my SR22 pistol. Com'on, it's a no brainer to clean with these snakes. It takes up to 30 seconds to scrub, clean and polish/ wipe dry your barrels. get rid of the cleaning rods. I am a consumer, not a dealer.  I have purchased 5 different caliber sizes including a 12 gauge shotgun. when you get it, you will no doubt see the huge advantage of having them.
Not too sure why I haven't seen one before, but as soon as I did I got it on my Christmas list. I used it to break in a new .308 and it cut my break in period to about 1/2 the time. The biggest benefit is that my barrel is now broken in and not broken by traditional style "bore guides" or cleaning rods, cumbersome patches etc.After some research on barrel break in the No. 1 biggest problem is YOU, the person breaking the barrel in by beating scratches into it with a cleaning rod. The bore snake eliminates this and saves time doing it.Compare $25 for boresnake to $250-500 for a new barrel after your gunsmith tells you why you can't shoot under 1 moa because you screwed your barrel right up by banging it over the head with a cleaning rod 25 times.
What can I say, it's a BoreSnake, it does the job. Not as thorough as a standard cleaning rod with patches but in most cases it is good enough for a light day at the range or a routine maintenance-cleaning of stored guns. If I have a heavy day at the range I usually run this BoreSnake through a couple times with CLP to get the big stuff and then finish-up with a standard cleaning rod. I would highly recommend. I also have these in 9mm and 12 gauge. (I will say that for some reason my 30 caliber BoreSnake is not as tight to the bore as my other ones)
Jamming a metal rod down your bore is the old fashioned way to clean a barrel.  The problem is that if you are not careful, you can mess up the crown which will in turn affect your accuracy downrange.Boresnakes are pretty awesome for cleaning purposes without the risk of messing up your barrel.  I will say this, make sure you use the right size snake in your barrel or risk getting it stuck to all heck.For me, I typically toss some Hoppes #9 on the copper brush, and some oil on the trailing side of the snake, and run it through a couple times.  Get it nice and clean and lubed in a couple of passes.Plus, I'm sure you can toss the snake in the wash.  I haven't yet though and after a dozen or more cleanings, it works just a nice as when new.
I have BoreSnakes for nearly all of my guns and absolutely love them.  Haven't bought one for my muzzleloader yet.  They get so filthy I may stick with patches.For all my regular rifles, shotguns and handguns they work great.  Some basic recommendations though.  Be sure to pull them from the chamber to the tip of the barrel so you don't deposit the gunk in the firing mechanism.  You also need to be careful needing them in until the bristles are inside the barrel so you don't scour and damage the outside finish.  I have a friend that sprays Rem Oil on the BoreSnake so it can clean and lube at the same time.  It works very well but I don't care for the overspray that gets on the table nor do I want the mess to carry around in the field.  If I thought ahead to take a baggie or was at home where I could wash it out it wouldn't be bad.These are excellent products!
I have been cleaning firearms for over 40 years and have never had a better aid for doing it right than the Boresnake. I have an aversion to putting a firearm away without cleaning it if it's been fired, and sometimes it seems a bit of a bother. With this gadget, half the work is taken out of the equation, and with the proper lubes, brushes and an air compressor with a nozzle (my personal secret for getting grit and dust out of hard to reach places!) the rest of the job is easy.
this beats patches and brushes and all that stuff. I am as anal as it gets with my weapons as i clean them all after a day at the range. I put some CLP on the brushes and run the snake through the breach end of the barrel once or twice...job done. I do get a little more involved cleaning action,chamber and bolt on my ar-15s.Cleaning a remington 700 chambered in .223 or a s&w m&p 15-22 is a 2 minute job.This is a must for the person who shoots more than normal and hates cleaning his gun barrels when he or she gets home.shoot more and spend less time cleaning your weapons. I repeat try clp it is GREAT stuff.Very good investment ,inexpensive so buy more ammo!!!
The BoreSnake makes cleaning a much faster task, and that's a good thing especially when not at home with my work bench and gear. The 'Snake goes in my range bag and heads out on trips with me to be the primary cleaner when away from home.I used this first on .223/5.56 AR-15 and must say that it was an extremely tight fit - so much so that I was worried about damage to the chrome lined barrel. After reading more on the 'net I put a ton more gun oil on and that helped a lot. Still have to give it a very strong pull through the barrel, but it seems to do a very good job.Still give my firearms a good rod & patch cleaning at home every once in a while, but the 'Snake will do in between those times.
I really like the Hoppe's Boresnakes for cleaning my guns.  I already had boresnakes for my shotguns and  pistols but this one is for my 22 rifle.  I expect it will do the same easy cleaning that is less messy and faster than any other cleaning method I've used.  There are no rods to attack together, no tips to change, no box of pads to use and dispose of after, none of the drips on the floor or other hassles that happen with cleaning rods.  You just drop in the brass weight and pull the rest of the snake through the barrel.  You can add oil to the tail of the snake and reoil  if you wish.  The built in brass brush cleans and the rest of the snake polishes.  It doesn't get easier.
A bore snake simplifies cleaning and makes the job quicker.  I have used this one on both .22LR and .223 Rem / 5.56 NATO rifles with great results.  Simply drop the weighted end through the bore, squirt some CLP or whatever you choose to clean the barrel, and pull it through.  Repeat a couple of times and the barrel is clean.When the bore snake is dirty, simply throw in the sink with hot water and gentle detergent, agitate briefly, and rinse with clean water.  Now it is ready for the next cleaning job.
I wet the section in front of the bristles with Hoppe's #9 and the tail section with CLP for a complete bore cleaning. I run it through 3-4 times and it scrubs out any leading or copper fouling and leaves the bore with a thin layer of oil when I'm done. I prefer this much more than a rigid rod that can cause damage to the breach. After 3-4 uses it gets washed in the washing machine and then hung over a closet door to dry and it's ready for service again.
I am not a professional gun person - I am rather new to the hobby and enjoy shooting!  But when it comes to cleaning my guns I have tried a few different tools and have mostly been disappointed.  Until now.  This is so easy to use, durable, cleans well and is just about perfect in my mind.  So very glad I made this investment!!!  I purchased different sizes for the different guns I have.  They are easy to store and easy to use.  Highly recommended.
In my opinion, bore snakes are a must when cleaning.  I don't recommend this to be the ONLY method to cleaning but should be a supplement to the cleaning rod and patches.I typically use the bore snake after the rod and patches to make sure I really purge whatever junk is in the barrel.  Then I would run a light coat of oil afterwards.  That may seem excessive to some but with the possible threat to our gun rights nowdays, we must take good care of the wonderful firearms that we have!
I used to use the old brass cleaning rod for all of my guns. When I picked up my M16, I ended up buying the brass rod and a bore guide. I had a training class with some coworkers and noticed someone using one of these bore snakes. He was able to clean his rifle barrel far faster than anyone using the brass rod. At first I figured he just did a terrible job, but decided to look into these anyway.I ordered this to try out and I couldn't be happier with it. It's a much better alternative to the old way of cleaning. I ordered it in .223 and it was a perfect fit for my rifle. I'll definitely be ordering more of these in my other calibers.
Unbelievable.  I used it on my 5.56 NATO S&W; MP 15 and it went right through.  Many claim the weight on one end that you drop through chamber gets stuck or too snug,  but this is where it shines. Fits perfectly,  drop the weight,  catch it at the muzzle pull and then pull back from the chamber,  I only do it 3 times.  Snake has some serious little spikes.  See my review for CLP. Drop a few drops into :arrested,  work it.I love it,  no more greased fingers from patches.I have a Moss berg 500,. 410 and will look for snakes in those calibersNow,  I have to find something to do with the time I saved
I love these boresnakes, not sure what else there is to say.  I have one for each caliber I own, and use them regularly.  They are great for the field, and quick and easy to use for a field-strip cleaning.  Still need to do a thorough cleaning periodically, but this really takes a lot of stress out of a quick range day.  They also wash in the clothes washer (wouldn't suggest putting them in with any clothes), and the one I've had the longest has held up for several years of regular use.  Will continue to buy these products as needed.
I DON'T SHOOT THAT MUCH SO THIS THING WORKS GREAT!&#34;Hoppes BoreSnake is the fastest bore cleaner on the planet. One pass loosens large particles, scrubs out the remaining residue with a bronze brush, then swabs it all spotless with a cleaning area 160x larger than a standard patch.&#34;&#34;Add a few drops of Hoppe&#8217;s No 9 Lubricating Oil or Hoppe&#8217;s Elite Gun Oil and your gun&#8217;s ready for storage.&#34;&#34;The world&#8217;s quickest, three-step bore shine.Extremely packable.Available for rifles, shotguns and pistols.Brass weight on the pull cord is stamped with the size.Machine washable.Patented one-piece design.&#34;
I have one of these for my AR15 5.56/.223 Bushmaster and cleaning the barrel is now quik and easy and no fear of scratching the chrome lined bore!!!  So I watched a youtube video on the same theory for cleaning by Ruger Black Hawk Elite .177/1200 fps break barrell, I used this awesome tool for my rifles first cleaning, ran it through three times, man it was so clean, after the first time the second and third time the bore litterally squeeked it was so clean, didn't have to use cleaning pellets or risk a solvent that could damage my rubber O-Ring in the breach!!  Get it for your air .177 air rifles or .22 rifles.  Saves time and bores!!!!
I have always loved to clean my guns after a good day of shooting but I'm always on the look out for new and better methods.  A friend recommended the bore snake and it truly is a godsend.  I simply run solvent completely down the barrel and let it sit while I clean the rest of the weapon.  Then, I simply run the bore snake through the barrel toward the muzzle and pull through, it's really that simple.  Couldn't be happier and would definitely buy again.
I like the idea of the bore snake and it does a decent job as long as you're not expecting it to do the same job as a traditional cleaning. It's super fast and convenient to use and the barrel is nice and shiny after a single pass. A couple of passes with some CLP and it should be plenty clean enough if you're just going to turn around and shoot again in a few days. If you're cleaning it prior to longer term storage, etc. I'd highly recommend a traditional cleaning because the bore snake simply doesn't get all of the carbon gunk, etc. that a rod and pads will get. That's been my experience anyway. Great for what it does though.
I am a perfectionist, especially when it comes to firearms.  Maybe it's my military background, but I like my stuff clean after every use.  I enjoy cleaning and disassembling my weapons, and this just saves so much time.  I take a dry toothbrush and then a brush with rubbing alcohol to my weapons.  Then I soak the barrel in CLP.  While that works, I wipe down the rest of the firearm with rags and patches.  I've also recently started trying chamber stars, which fit in and behind the locking lugs - a bit expensive, but save time any clean places otherwise impossible to get to.  When thats done, I run the bore snake through the barrel about 10-15 times, in less than a minute.  I then reapply oil to the essential components and am all done.  The bore snake takes about 15mins less time than brushes and patches did.
A friend recommended these products to me, and I have to say he was absolutely right.  I use this on my Remington Model 597 plinker rifle and it just takes a few pulls with some oil and solvent to keep the bore sparkling clean and deposit free between firings.  I would recommend giving the bore a good scrubbing with a soft metal wire cleaning tool first, as the bristles on this aren't as densely placed.  You don't have to do this, but it reduces the number of pulls through the bore you'll need to clean the firearm.  I gave this model a 4/5 only because the fit is very snug for a .22 cal bore.  It feels like I have to put a lot more tension to draw this through the bore than I do for any other BoreSnake I own.  It may perhaps be better suited for .223/5.56 bores.
I like this sling a lot, and the quality is high but it's not as easy to adjust as they make it sound. I can make it longer with one hand but making it shorter takes two. Also, it would be nice if it was a little longer, and while they do give you instructions on how to lengthen it, it only adds about two inches. The attached swivels look well made and are easy to take on and off. Overall a nice sling, unless you're a big guy.
So I specifically purchased these patches to clean my guns after range use.  I paid more for these because I wanted an absolute lint free patch, that would not leave traces of lint on my gun after cleaning.  Well, I still havent found the right patch.  When I clean the outside of my black gun with oil, these patches leave lint on the gun.  I then have to get a microfiber cloth to wipe of the residue from the patches.  These dont absorb oil like other patches, but they are strong.
The first time I fed this thing through the barrel and started yanking on it, I really thought it was going to snap because it fit so tight.  But then I realized, if its not tight its not going to cleaning everything.  When out in the field, whether you are lazy or just did not bring all your cleaning gear, this BoreSnake and a small bottle of cleaning solution will get you through your day of shooting.  I will agree with the other reviewer that cleaning rods and patches do a better thorough job, however.
I already own a Boresnake for the 9mm pistol and was completely sold on its performance. The 12 gauge versiondoes not disappoint at all.Keep in mind the Boresnake is not meant to replace a rod and barrel brush along witha reliable cleaner.I run it through the barrel 3 or 4 times then proceed with my regular cleaning routine(I follow itwith rod and brush with Mpro 7 and some Shooter's Choice).A must have for any cleaning kit.Best of all,once it gets excessivelysoiled, wash and reuse. Fabrics bag in the washer will get it done.Outstanding product.
My wingmaster's barrel has never been cleaner. Just put a little bit of oil around the diameter towards the end, and pull it through 2-3 times and you are DONE. Fast, cheap, and effective. Can't ask for more. I have one in .22 that was much harder to pull through the first time, but the 12 gauge one wasn't bad at all. I will keep buying these as I acquire new calibers.They also wash when dirty, just a little bit of soap and some hot water, then let them air dry and you are good to go.
The first time I ever used a bore snake, I had my doubts.  After all, I've been cleaning firearms (large and small) with a rod, for years.  But the first time I used a Hoppe's boresnake, I knew that I would never, ever go back to using a rod.  Boresnakes generally get the barrel clean with ONE PASS, don't scratch the bore, and are easy to clean and reuse.  And, as always, if it's says &#34;HOPPE'S&#34; on the label, there's quality to spare.
I know it's not the equivalent of a serious tear-down cleaning, but it doesn't seem to be all that far from it.  I have a short-barrel shotgun for home defense purposes which I fire infrequently, usually at a local range.  A good hose-down with an all purpose cleaner+protectant spray, followed by a pass through the barrel with this snake seems to clear the barrel of what little crud got deposited there during a practice session.  Those who use their shotguns a lot, say for hunting, will probably want to use more stringent methods from time to time, but this is great for a quick cleaning.
I give the device 5 stars, I had two others before I got this one---and they are great.HOWEVER--I wanted to try the newer, Viper version for my 20 Gauges--(I have several)So I searched Amazon and found it in 12 gauge, but there was an option menu box, where I chose 20 gauge and placed order for what i assumed was the 20 gauge Viper version of the boresnake.When the unit arrived, it was just the standard version--not the Viper-- I like the piece and will use it, so I didn't return it---BUT it isn't what I thought I was getting.
This is a great product.  Takes many minutes off your gun cleaning tasks.  Also saves on supplies, such as patches, solvents, and other cleaners/lubricants.  For people who shoot different guns and calibers the Boresnake makes cleaning a cinch.  I use the Boresnake and the Boresnake Viper for different guns.  The Boresnake Viper does provide better cleaning one the first couple of runs, but both are more than adequate.  I'm not sure how these work with "dirty ammo", but with range reloads and factory ammo, it works great!
What can I say, it's a BoreSnake, it does the job. Not as thorough as a standard cleaning rod with patches but in most cases it is good enough for a light day at the range or a routine maintenance-cleaning of stored guns. If I have a heavy day at the range I usually run this BoreSnake through a couple times with CLP to get the big stuff and then finish-up with a standard cleaning rod. I would highly recommend. I also have these in 9mm and 30 caliber.
I'm not lazy when it comes to cleaning guns. I'll do it the old fashioned way with brushes, patches, Hoppe's #9 and a rod if that's what it takes. But this is a great additional tool that does a lot of that in one pass. It's very sturdy and well made. The brush part is exceptional. Plus you can put some oil on the end and lightly lubricate your barrel at the same time. I cleaned a 12-guage in no time with some foaming bore cleaner, a dab of CLP and this. Easy as can be.
Why get huge kits when you can get one for each gauge. I have a Mossberg 500 and I will just run this one to three times depending on how much I fired. Easy to use means you will do it more and I say that is worth its weight in gold. It made sense to me especially since it is kinda like a paintball gun squeegee or on a paintball gun pushing paper towel through very tightly. I read a bunch of straight pipe loyalists. Maybe for marksmen and high end guns but for me and my brother, whom hunts around the country many different animals, uses many guns, and hardly ever cleans his guns............we will stick with this. Most important is to keep your gun dry off after use.
I dip the front of it in kerosene and run it through the barrel (always in the direction of the bullet/shot) and it leaves the bore with a mirrior finish. Shotgun brushes, rods, and patches are oversized and rather slow to change, like any rod kit.Being a boresnake, it works a hundred times better than patches since there is so much more contact with the bore. I wouldn't pack this into a field cleaning kit though, it's huge.Snags easier on parts inside the receiver than rifle boresnakes, especially a Saiga 12.Would recommend to anyone active with shotguns.
In my opinion, bore snakes are a must when cleaning.  I don't recommend this to be the only method to cleaning and should be a supplement to the cleaning rod and patches.I typically use the bore snake after the rod and patches to make sure I really purge whatever junk is in the barrel.  Then I would run a light coat of oil afterwards.  That may seem excessive to some but with the possible threat to our gun rights nowdays, we must take good care of the wonderful firearms that we have!
I have several bore snakes and I love them all. It's an easy way to clean your barrel and I like that I'm always running the brush from the chamber towards the muzzle. If I were to make any changes to it I would like to see a couple more wire brushes built into it instead of only one. I guess they will come out with that idea in a &#34;new and improved version&#34; sometime in the future. I have three for each caliber. What I do is use one for applying a harsh cleaning solution, one for a less harsh solution and one for a light coat of oil. I saturate the last 3-4&#34; of the snake and pull it slowly through the barrel to coat the inside before in storage..
A friend recommended these products to me, and I have to say he was absolutely right.  I use this on my Mossberg 500 pump and it just takes a few pulls with some oil and solvent to keep the bore sparkling clean and deposit free between firings.  I would recommend giving the bore a good scrubbing with a soft metal wire cleaning tool first, as the bristles on this aren't as densely placed.  You don't have to do this, but it reduces the number of pulls through the bore you'll need to clean the firearm.  The pull string is more than long enough to easily draw this through the 28 inch field barrel I use.
This speed loader pouch is tough, thick, and hard, perfect for reinsertion of spent speed loaders (which I don't see happening in a firefight). This strength is also its weak point. The hardness of it makes it uncomfortable when I bump into the wall; the damn thing digs into my love handles. Other than this, it holds a six-round speed loader for a Ruger GP-100 perfectly well with no rattle. I tried a 5-round speed loader for my SP-101 and it rattles like a snake out in the desert. Other than these small issues, it is a great speed loader pouch.
I bought  this to hold HKS 36-A Speedloaders for my CCW. This works perfectly. With the rigid sides it is easy to get the loader in and out quickly without catching like the soft ones. It is a bit bulky and since I carry a 38 there is some rattle from the extra room my loaders have but from under my shirt I don't notice it. Also it takes some getting use to since it is very stiff, I have trouble moving it around my belt to get a comfortable position when driving.
I purchased two Safariland J-GL8C COPMII speedloaders for a Ruger GP100, and needed a case to hold them. This case works perfectly at holding the speedloaders in place. When the snap is released the loader won't "fall" out as the case is designed to hold the loader snugly. This case must have a belt looped through it, which is fine. A nice alternative would be a clip on version, as one wouldn't have to place the case in the anterior or posterior position of a belt loop. I would (and have) recommend this case to anyone interested in buying a speedloader case.
I use this for my .357 rounds, the pouch is pretty well built and tough for leather. Though, it is leather so it will scratch pretty easily but that's not something I care about. I use this pouch when I dress for work.My Speedloaders are HKS made also, six-shot loaders. They don't rattle too much, if you were to run you'd hear them bounce around but if you're walking it won't annoy you. Also, the belt loop is very tight. The width that it allows for belts prevents it from moving up and down your belt. It's very comfortable even when you're sitting also (whether at work or driving).  Overall, this is a damn good speedloader pouch. I have no complaints so far.Just remember the part about the leather, they will get scuffed up eventually - just like good shoes. Polish!
I am in Alaska.  They say that the .44 mag is the perfect bear gun, but a lightweight revolver is darn near impossible to find. I went with the .44 special bulldog.  It's light and it may not be a mag, but it will work.  I bought two speed loader which gives me 15 rounds. These fit on my belt by my holster within easy reach and I have not bumped or brushed into them causing any problems when I motorcycle offroad. The snaps are solid but easy to pop.  This worked for me.
Using cold blue on a firearm you plan on using and taking in and out of pistol rugs and holsters is about useless. I applied 7 coats of cold blue to my firearm and it showed 'wear' nearly immediately with only a few of the above actions executed. If you wanted to cold blue a firearm for the wall as a display this would be excellent. The color was dark and looked great. Otherwise, if it is an 'in use' practical firearm, spend the money and take it to a gunsmith for proper blueing. I did not get to try the wood refinish yet.
I am in the process of refinishing a double barrel 12 gauge that I sawed off at 18.25&#34; and so far have only reblued the barrel and I am very happy with how it came out.  It looks like it is brand new, and the instructions were easy to follow.  I have not refinished the stock yet but I am expecting that part to go just as well as the blueing.  The only thing I would change is it would be nice if it came with some fine steel woal, but I got by just fine with a brass dish scrubbing pad.
If you're professionally blueing, this kit won't last long.  But if you're like me and it's touch-ups and minor jobs, then this is perfect.  The products are all top notch and easy to use.  The results are easily professional quality, as long as you follow all the directions (which are not hard to understand).  I'm pretty much a novice, but the one full pistol I re-blued looks absoulutely fantastic, and more than a few folks have asked me where I got it done.  I tell them I used this kit, and they were pretty impressed.  I'm really happy with it.
Works great. Used it on an old cheap revolver I recently purchased, and it's given it a new life! Warning: won't blue stainless steel, aluminum or other non-ferrous metals. Also, if you don't know how to blue a gun then you should REALLY Google up some instructions or watch a video on Youtube. Blueing is essentially a controlled corrosion of the metal. You need to clean the area BEFORE you blue and then you need to clean and oil it AFTER the process or else the finished product is either going to look like crap... or your gun is going to rust the next day. You've been warned. Now, like I said, this is a good product and highly recommend it.
This worked great. I used some rust remover which took the blue off. Dumb me. Ordered this, used the rust remover to remove all blue. I think you will be forced to do two coats for uniformity. As I recall I did three coats. No one could tell the guns have been re-blued. I bought a used gun with a rub mark. I know where it is so I can see it. You would not. Touch up is tricky so I could do better if I do it again but I was very pleased. I then touched up more of my guns.
I purchased this set of hangers to display an antique rifle in my office.  The installation was easy into a wood panelled wall.  I think installation into drywall would require special fasteners which do not come with the hangers.  The finish looks to be polished brass but not polished to a mirror finish.  They are thick material and very strong so that if they are fastened to the wall securely they should be able to hold significant weight.These hangers are attractive but do not overwhelm the object being displayed.  All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.
I have now bought 5 sets of these hangers and they fit my cabin decor perfectly.  They have a quality look and are lined with leather to prevent scratching the guns.Only difficulty with the product is that the screws mount into slots on either side rather than into holes through the hanger.  It just makes it a little more difficult to mount trying to position the screws to either side properly.  Would have been much easier with a hole on either side rather than a slot.  That is a small inconvenience in the mounting and once mounted it is a handsome way to display your rifles or shotguns.
I wanted to like this a lot.  Turns out it's merely ok.  When you push the button OMG HERE COMES HOPPES #9.  It's great for those hard to reach places when you don't mind a puddle of Hoppes.  But it's definitely not for precision work.  I'm puzzled by the reviewer who complained about the smell. It smells like Hoppes #9.  Works like Hoppes #9.  Three stars for function.  Five stars for the product that I've used forever.
These are the only paper targets I use at the range. No tape required as the entire thing is a huge sticker so you can just peel and paste it onto the target stand. I love that you can see where you hit as the impact point "explordes" a flourecant green. I dont have to use my spotting scope to see where I am hitting because of this. The smaller diamonds on the corners are 2" and the square grids are 1". Best target I have ever shot at.
These are the best of all I have tried. The multiple squares are ideal for range use because you can reuse without having to patch it up so often. Also you can use the corner squares to practice moving between shots The grid squares are 1" so it's easy to measure your groups. The bullet holes are easy to see for a good distance even with a .22 caliber bullet (maybe 25 yards or more if you have good eyesight). Perhaps the only downside compared to others is the overall size, but its never an issue for me.I've seen these used in History channel's Top Shot show, so pros like em.
When I started shooting at targets for more than a hundred yards to test the grouping of your rifle, this I found to be the best target to use.Depending on color of the foliage backdrop where you set up your target, time of day and level of dust and wind going around, some paper target hits get too hard to see from distance greater than 100 yards even with the spotting scope. These targets are awesome with the black on bright green. The hits are really clear but they don't bust out to wide to skew your grouping assessment.
I shoot rifles scoped and these targets give me a slew of aiming points.  The center target and the four outlying diamonds make five, and the four squares above, below, left and right make four more for a total of 9 discrete targets on a single sheet.  On the four squares I like to affix a little red dot from a shoot-n-c refill (you always have more of those than you use) to give me clear bullseyes on each of the additional four squares.The 1-inch grid gives you precise information, and the multiple aim points give great value.  Its my favorite target regardless of whether my scope is sighted in or not.
I thought I would try this item instead of a normal brass Hoppe's brush and here's my results.  The brush was very tight even with the Hoppe's fluid on it, it was very tough to push through a S&W m&p 15-22 bore. I planned on using this on a .223 chrome lined bore but will not attempt it because it was so tight. It did seem to clean fine and probably was a little quicker vs. the standard brass brush. Overall I wasn't too impressed and will stick with the normal and cheaper brass brushes from Hoppe's.
The tornado brush design is a major improvement over the traditional loop, and jag cleaning tips.  The flexing of the spiral loops against the lands & grooves with a patch over it does an excellent job of removing lead & powder residue.  The cleaning patch sits nicely over the end loop and in larger calibers (e.g., 45ACP, 12 Gauge shot shell) the loop will penetrate the cotton patch helping to secure it as you push the brush through the bore.  I use the brush in only one direction, pushing from the breech to the muzzle whenever possible.  I then unscrew the brush, remove the cleaning rod and repeat the process until the patch comes out clean.  For difficult to clean deposits, I use Lead Away cloth that I have cut to the diameter of the patches (Pro shot Flannel Patches) that I like to use.
This is a excellent hunting sling. I have used this on many hunts and on several different rifles ranging from .22lr-.30-06. It worked well on all of them. The only problem I have with the sling is that it will not work with certain bi-pods. I have a shooters ridge bi-pod on my Ruger American rifle and the sling attachment will not allow the legs of the bi-pod fully deploy. If you want a great sling to use for hunting and you are not going to use a bi-pod then this is the way to go, but if your rifle has a bi-pod then you might want to get a more traditional sling.
I've used many different slings over the years. Some of them prettier than this one, but none as practical. I love how well it grips your shoulder, no more slipping around as you're hiking. The plastic swivels are fantastic. I was at first skeptical of the durability of plastic swivels, but soon realized that they are well made and will not damage your stock or squeak like the metal ones sometimes can. This is the only one I'll buy in the future. I have  black one.
I bought this for a Remington 700 XCR Tactical with the Bell & Carlson green/black stock.  The green cammo sling color is identical to the stock color.  My stock comes with two mounting studs on the foregrip so I also have a Harris Bipod (3-9") mounted.  With the bipod mounted it doesn't give the sling much freedom of movement so I end up removing the bipod until I need it.  Like everyone else said, this sling doesn't slip.  Highly recommended!
These paper targets are the same ones used for police training and concealed carry qualification. The paper is a bit fragile so having a helper hold it in place while stapling it to the backing is helpful. I use 8 staples and that works in every windy situation I have encountered. When I am feeling thrifty I cut some black electricians tape into small squares to patch over the holes and get about three uses out of each target. That may be a false economy, since each target costs less than what two rounds of 9 mm or .40 cal ammo that I am shooting at it. There is a grid for recording the date and score. The targets come rolled up and are a little bulky to deal with when pulling one out. It helps to have a nice clean floor to roll them out then reroll what is left and return to the box they came in. So far I have been quite pleased with them.
These Champion Silhouette Targets are exactly what we wanted for use at the ranges where we shoot. Bringing these to the indoor range is a lot less expensive than buying them on-site and they are printed on fairly heavy paper so they hold up well at our outdoor range, even when there is a strong breeze.I like that these are large since it makes getting "on paper" much easier when sighting in and will occasionally attach8" Round Birchwood Casey Shoot - N - C Self - Adhesive Targetswhen using smaller calibers or at long distances.These are also very good value for the overall quality and quantity.Recommended!CFH
This allows you to hold the case in a drill, after de-capping, and spin the case against some steel wool instead of spending more money and buying a tumbler and media to clean the outside of the case. No chance of getting cleaning media trapped in the case when reloading and raising the pressure through the roof. It also allows you trim the case to the correct length, while that isn't needed so much in revolver cartridges like the 357 mag, it is needed in the automatics like the 9 mil and rifle cartridges.
I purchased a barrel "in the white" that needed to be blued to match the gun it was installed on.  I didn't have to deal with stripping an old finish that cut down on a few steps.  I simply degreased the barrel, and applied the bluing with a q-tip.  When I was done, I rinsed it off with water, then cleaned it with gun solvent.  I applied 2 coats in this manner.  It delivered a nice consistent bluing.  After the two coats I saturated it with gun oil and let it sit for a couple of days in case I missed any spots and rusting started back up.  With no issues I installed the barrel.  It still looks good, and was a simple process to apply.  I recommend this product.
WITH THE HELP OF SOME ON LINERS THEY HELP ME PICK THIS BRAND OF TOUCH UP GUN PASTE AND THE COLOR WAS WRIGHT ON THE MONEY, IT CAME OUT JUST LIKE THEY SAID, NOT A BLACK SHINEY  FINISH  BUT A REAL NICE FLAT BLACK MATTE FINISH, IT COVERD THE MARKS ON THE BARREL SO WELL THAT I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO DO THE WHOLE RIFLE. GREAT PRODUCT, THE ONLY THING THAT HURTS WAS THE SHIPPING, BUT IT WAS WORTH IT SO I DON'T MIND PAYING EXTRA FOR SOME THING THAT WORKS GOOD !. SIGNED :  DETZY
This is a great cold gun blue. I received it within the time allotted, but when it arrived, I had no idea what it was. I have ordered several items, getting ready for hunting season, and several items are made by Safariland. When this bottle arrived, the supplier glued their own label across the bottle which covered the product information and the instructions. When I tried to remove their label to see if it was bluing or cleaner,  the original label tore off with added shipping label. I do not like chemicals on my gun shelf that are not properly labeled, for safety sake. I have compared the bottle with on line pictures and this is bluing, so I will relabel the bottle, but this should not of happened. I will order else where next time.
I have an old 20 guage thats worth more in memories than actual value.  I've had it since I was 13 and I am 43 now.  Last December I hunted when it was snowing outside and got the gun wet so after the rabbit hunt I wiped it down and put it back in the case where I did not touch it again until this August.  Imagine my surprise when I looked at this totally rusted gun! I searched Amazon and found Black Magic, read the reviews and decided I would give a try.  The rust came off easily with steel wool and after I put the bluing on it looks as good as new.  I put two coats on according to the directions and couldn't be happier with the results.  If you screwed up like I did and left your gun in a case instead of taking it out you might want to try this product.  Just my two cents.
Contains the basics to clean your gun(s).  The tools are certainly adequate and perform as intended.  If you go to the range a 2 - 4 times a month and do a thorough job cleaning and lubing, you will run through the supplied pads and cleaner fairly quick (but don't over use the cleaner / lubricant).  The brush is a bit awkward for my little S&W Bodyguard .380, but it is functional and Q-tips work well of course.  For my 38 revolver and 40 S&W it is just fine.
I think this is a great kit for the price. I originally ordered a cleaning kit of the berreta website. 10 days later they send me an email saying that the order has been cancelled because it was not in stock. That brought me to Amazon to order this kit and I am glad I did. It was cheaper than the other one I wanted to buy and I don't miss anything from the other one. I have not used to cleaner that comes with it because I prefer Hoppes 9 cleaner and Hoppes oil but a lot of people use the cleaner with good success. Just a personal preference for me. Everything else in the kit works great. I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because the rod that it comes with does feel a little cheap. I do not think it will break but I wouldn't have minded it to be a little more sturdy. Still a great product for the money. My recomendation would be to buy it.
Pros:Small overall package that cleans lots of popular gunsWell made components and clear instructionsPull only design is quick and easyPull only design follows the philosophy that the barrel should only be cleaned in the direction of bullet travelCons:Brass brushes are stiff and may be more aggressive than something like aHoppe's Tornado Brush for .45 Caliber PistolsPull only design will not allow aggressive scrubbing that a rod based system mightThe all in one cleaner/lube included is not my favorite - I preferHoppe's M-Pro 7 Gun Cleaner - 8 Ounce Spray BottleOverall:This is a great product that I would recommend to anyone.  Most of my cons are preferences and minor differences.  I really like that it stows to a very small package that will take up minimal closet/tub/pack space.  This is really nice if you often are cleaning in the field.  Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
I bought this kit for putting into a pack for with the intention of being able to clean multiple calibers. I used it today for the first time and clean an AR-15 (5.56), a 12-Gauge, a Marlin .22, and a .22 Sig Mosquito. This kit cleaned them all with ease. I got anywhere from 3-6 cleanings out of each patch without a problem depending on the severity of the "grime." I am now comtemplating buying the Elite Cleaning Kit as my primary cleaning kit instead of all of the miscellaneous. Greatly impressed.
I have seen these kits advertised for some time and I didn't know how good they might be or if it was all advertising hype.  I'm very happy with this product, I can just throw it in my range bag and go, everything I need to clean my firearm is in there, from brushes to patches.  I've used the bore snake in the past, and still use it, but this handy little kit really works well,  Only problem I've encountered is that the pieces are sometimes a bear to get back in the kit, but what else is new?  Everytime I take anything out of a package, I have problems getting it back together.  I've finally come to the realization, it's operator error!  I highly recommend the Otis cleaning system.
After hearing so many good things about Otis kits I dropped (the not unsubstantial) $40 on this kit.  While it's a good idea, I really don't think it lives up to the hype.  The bore cleaning procedure is effective, probably about as good as using a proper rod, brush and jag.  But that's about all you can do with this kit.  There is no way to clean any complex chamber- the short wire tool is next to useless in an AR chamber.  There is no toothbrush, only enough oil for one or two cleanings, and no room to put a good rag in the pouch.  After one use I've gone back to keeping a bore-snake, toothbrush, bottle of CLP and rag in my field kit and keeping a proper cleaning kit at home.The Otis kit is not worth the money, or the hype.
What a great idea. The patches can be used as many as six times each. It takes a little practice to get the hang of where to pinch the patch, but once you do it works great. Also: After you pinch the patch and pass it through the slot in the brass tip, DO NOT pull it to tight(just snug will do)or it will be VERY hard to remove and use again. The cable system is great for the mini 14 type rifles. this kit is great for trips to the range or on a hunting trip. Every thing you need is in this small package.I highly recommend.
While I normally use BoreSnakes for a one-and-done approach to cleaning my pistols, I picked up one of these Otis kits for more of a detail strip and clean. For the price, you really get a lot for your money in this kit. All the included components are really well made and will stand up to years of abuse. The only negative thing I have to say about the kit is that the pouch that holds everything wasn't sewn correctly and the zipper hangs up about 3/4 of the way around. In my case, I need to pull on the edge of the pouch and really yank the zipper to get it closed. Small price to pay for something so portable and complete however. Cleans everything from my AK to my .22 pistol.
The design is excellent for compactness and portability yet comprehensive in inclusion. Intuitively usable, though I did read all the instructions (which I recommend - they help with total understanding and were especially useful when I resolved a blockage issue in a rifle barrel). The many provided sizes of brushes and patch holders are marked with large indications of caliber - very helpful when making choice. Easy to use very quickly and I really like the concept - it makes sense, but also provides the ability to do a quick barrel- and exterior-cleaning more frequently as well as a more thorough cleaning with a total break-down of the firearm. I cleaned 3 rifles and 3 pistols consecutively the day I got it and was very pleased at how quickly I was done and even more so because it was a very thorough cleaning of all in much less time than usual.
I was very excited when I first started using this.  Eventually I ended up discovering that a &#34;one size fits all&#34; kit really wasn't what it was cracked up to be, even though there were multiple elements to the system that helped it have a chance at being so.  The parts are easy to use, but also easy to lose.  The bag has great zippers but doesn't zip up very easily, is bulky and cumbersome for what it is, and doesn't hold its parts very well.  This often lead to losing parts.  The brushes included also don't include some of the more popular calibers (namely the .223/5.56mm).  It's ok, but I think that just sticking with dedicated kits for particular firearms is going to be better.
This kit is decent and comes with the basics to clean most guns. However, it does not come with a .223/5.56 brush! Kinda silly since it claims to be 'tactical' yet does not support the AR caliber... I called Otis and they sent me a free one in the mail and threw in a mop as well! This also does not include a .22 limited breech brush. If you want to clean a standard ruger or any rimfire rifle you will need to buy that separately.I recommend breaking down and using the Otis patches, trying to cut your own is very frustrating. If you find them on sale you can get 1,000 of them for $48
Great little cleaning kit. I've slowly migrated to this kit for most of my cleaning. I still have some other nylon brushed that I use on a few of my firearms, but this kit gets heavy use. I like the different sized cleaning snakes and the way the patches work with the kit. If you are buying this kit though, make sure you get extra cleaning patches. Also, I would store the patches separately from the kit. I noticed some discoloration on patches that I have left in the kit (I assume from cleaner/oil I have used with the kit while cleaning.) I use different gun oil and solvent than included, but I like knowing I have a tube in the kit just in case I need it while I'm away from home.
I have 2 other cleaning kits at home.  I ordered this because the slotted tips are brass (not plastic) and the cleaning rods are flexible and roll up, making it very small to transport.  Having now used it, I found the quality to be great.  The included cleaner isn't my preferred solution (I like Ballistol), but that was an easy swap.  The slotted tips are brass, so they won't bend and break. It is important to read the instructions as the way they want you to use the included patches is different than what most people do with the standard slotted tips.  It includes brushes, obstruction removers, etc.  It's a great kit, I highly recommend it. I can use this from my 22lr pistol all the way up to my shotguns,
Good holster for the price. I have it attached to an NCstar crossdraw vest on the belt. Took a little work but it does accept a full 2" belt. The retention is good, and it locks in positively. No worries when running. It actually holds the pistol a lot closer to the body than I expected and I like it. The rivets are pretty good and I think they will hold up. It's not a high dollar holster so its not the most beautiful injection molding but it has a purpose and serves it well. Not made in America, so no 5th star but its a good product. I have a video review on the u-tube - seach ThatDudeSirraj if you want to see it in action.
This holster fits my gun perfectly and clicks in place.  The paddle fits well, the clip is strong, the materials are good, there is a surface inside the paddle that is grips comfortably against the body. The only draw back is that it has two bumps along the waistline that poked into my side.  You can either tuck in your shirt or smash the bumps down.  I got a vice grip and just squeezed the crap out of them - and now it fits perfectly. Other than that minor tweak - I am super happy.
This holster gets three stars for its three star price and the equal quality of the product.  It retains K-frame Smiths OK, L-frame is a better fit for retention.  The attachment of the paddle to the body of the holster is weak, it does flap a bit easier than I'd like.  I had no misconception of what the product was, I needed a cheap holster that would retain a hammerless (DAO) Smith 64 and this fits the bill.  I wear a 1.75&#34; belt and there is a bit of a fit issue - the paddle/holster junction is a bit narrow so I get a poor fit.  A 1.5&#34; belt works fine.  Also note that depending where the belt loop of your pants is located this might also effect how the holster rides.
I recently purchased this Fobus Double Mag holster.  I'm currently deployed and use this Mag holster do house 2 9mm double stack mags for my Beretta M9 (92FS).  I've never had problems with Fobus products and I was just as pleased with this one.  A feature I like is the material they place on the inner portion of the Holster.  It's rubber like, allowing the holster to better grip to the wearer.  Retention could be slightly bette, but I havn't had any problems with Mags falling out.  It is, afterall, a multi-use mag holster.
I have a Gen 4, Glock G21 (.45 ACP) and this magazine holster does a fantastic job holding two mags.  They actually "lock" in place and will not fall out. You can easily pull them from the holder but they won't accidentally fall out.  The paddle that tucks in your pants is very secure but not too difficult to put on or remove (i.e. you don't have to unbutton your pants to get in on like I do to put on or take off my Serpa CQC holster).  I purchased this primarily for range use because it is far too big to conceal without layers of clothes.  However if you can open carry or just headed to the range it's perfect.
I ordered this Fobus 9mm/.40 S&W; for use with my Glock 17 magazines.  It fits into place comfortably and securely.  I don't feel that it will ever slip.  It took some getting used to when bending over and the like, but otherwise it's magic.  You can do a handstand and the mags will never fall out of their slots, yet when you want to draw one, it slides out with ease.Fobus knows how to make holsters (gun or mag); get this one with the paddle for ease of donning (and doffing).  Fantastic item for the price!
I purchased this double magazine holder for CCW purposes.  For that purpose, it is an abject failure.  Simply put, it is too large and bulky.  It is very high quality; of that you cannot quarrel.  However, as can be seen in the photo, the construction is bulky by design.  There are rivets on the outside.  It makes it very hard to carry under a shirt nearly anywhere except right in your front waist area.  That, however, makes it impossible to crouch or bend down, and makes it entirely obvious that you are carrying something -- which defeats the purpose of CCW.  Unless you are walking into a gunfight, for which no concealment is necessary or warranted, I suggest a different product.
The mag pouch arrived very quickly. I am using it on both my G34 and G19 that use the double stack mags.  The mags fit perfectly with just the right tension to keep them secure but not enough that they don't come out when doing a mag change.  I was a bit apprehensive about a paddle type retainer on this pouch.  However, since I have given it a try and wear it on a daily basis the paddle system does very well.  It is getting more comfortable the longer I wear the unit.  Strong material, I don't expect any issues with the construction of the pouch.
There are more bad reviews on youtube than good ones for this Fobus holster, but for the price I took a chance.  I couldn't be more happy with this.  It's incredibly light and simple and it stays securely in position on my hip.  My glock 21sf snaps in snugly and doesn't come loose on it's own, but when you mean to draw it releases easily.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I have an ambidextrous magazine release and if you hit it just right with a full magazine it can release it.  But it's nothing 30 seconds with a dremel won't fix.
This Forbus Paddle Holster is an excellent choice for the Glock 30. One of my customers asked me to research a holster solution for his needs and this is one of the two I selected for him (Gould & Goodrich B891-G30 Concealment Belt Slide Holster (Black) Fits Glock 30, 39;  S&W; CS40, S&W; CS9, Taurus PT140, Sig 239, S&W; M&P; 9, .40, .357 and .45).I like paddle holsters for their ease of putting on and taking off but generally personally prefer "Level 2" type holsters like,BLACKHAWK! Serpa CQC Carbon Fiber Black Holster (Matte Finish). My customer's needs are different than mine and this one was the style he wanted.This is a very well made holster that works as expected!Highly Recommended!CFH
I purchased the Fobus Holster on Sunday and received it on Thursday.  I was nervous about the holster because all I have heard is to buy Uncle Mike's Holsters at $60 to $80 bucks.  This Holster fits my .45 Glock 30sf PERFECTLY.  As long as you have a sweater on or something baggy its great.  Its a little big for a T-Shirt but hey, the Glock itself is a fat little gun.  This holster will be perfect for the range and the gun fits in it nicely.  I highly recommend this holster.
Fits my S&W 686 (6 shot) perfectly.  When snapped, it's nice that the thumb loop acts to prevent the hammer from being pulled back, making it an idea holster for both wear and travel.  The color doesn't really match what's in the picture, but it's not orange.  That's just an over-exaggeration.  Leather is a good quality and there are two slits in the back loop that allow the holster to fit on both a wide belt and a regular (everyday) belt.
Great holster where fast action is needed, I would recommend it to anyone needing this type of holster.Holds my Ruger GP-100 .357 Mag in place, needed to have the gun in the holster for a week, so it streatches out a little,I used some leather cleaner/conditioner on the holster, put gun in a plastic bag into the holster, when the resdue was cleanedand the gun inserted, that did the trick, it now easy to pull out.  Before this process, I had to hold the holster, thenpull the gun out.  I also wore it around the house, wife comments not given.......
This fits the Taurus Tracker 44 Magnum like it was made for it- like a glove.  It carries like a dream and is a top notch product.  I am a hard on reviews and products but this leather holster is of very high quality and is spot on for concealed under a jacket or open carry use.  This was a wise purchase and I have worn it / put it to use since I got it.  The &#34;hawg leg&#34; can be drawn without issues and a 4 inch barrel fits in it perfect without too much room or too little room in the holster.  They should call this the Taurus Tracker 44 Mag holster because you would swear it came made for this revolver.  Thank you Bianchi!!!  My &#34;Hawg Leg&#34; 44 fits perfectly in this holster and I could not ask for more.  The safety strap snaps fine without too much tension and without too little tension.  I would buy again and recommend to my friends to buy this for carry use.
This is a wonderful holster for my Ruger SP101.  It fits perfectly.  Like others have stated though, the thumb snap is difficult to work with the gun in the holster at first.  But once in and snappped, you leave it for a day or so and the leather forms to your gun and the snap begins to work fine.  After that, it's terrific.  The only thing I wish for it is an adjustable cant.  But I knew it didn't have one before I ordered so won't dock stars for that.
Really good quality holster for my Glock 26.  At first I didn't think it would fit (that's what she said) and be able to snap in but after using a little bit of strength it fit perfectly.  The leather is excellant quality.  Although having the snap does sacrifice draw time for security.  However the way it's made allow me to easily flip my thumb to undo the snap which is awesome.  Reholstering though is a bit of a struggle.  I only gave it 4 stars because my Crimson Trace Lasergrip hasn't arrived yet and I'm thinking the gun will not fit in this holster with the lasergrip installed.
I`m here to tell all of you that have never tried this stuff for finishing wood, use it. You won`t be sorry. Just take your time, put on 5 to 8 coats and rub lightly after each coat dries with fine steel wool and you1ll have the most beautiful and glossy finish you`ve ever seen! It works great on plain wood and stained wood. I just refinished a 30-30 that my girl got from her Dad years ago. It looks FANTASTIC! It arrived earlier than expected, was packaged well, and is one heck of a product! Whether your a journeyman or a begginer with wood, you can`t go wrong with Tru-oil. Just be patient and take your time and let it sit for 2 hours to dry in between coats, polish lightly with fine steel wool and you`ll get a lifetime of enjoyment out of WHATEVER you finished with it! I HIGHLY recommend Fuddlebucks. Also, thanks Amazon for making my life easier!
Tru-Oil is very easy to apply and produces excellent results. I use it on firearms stocks and other woodworking projects. I know the instructions say to apply with your fingertip, but I much prefer a using folded up piece of cheese cloth instead. Application with the cheesecloth is faster and lays on the product even. Store the cloth in a plastic bag until you are ready for the next coat. For an heirloom quality finish, spend some time getting the pores and grain filled by following the instructions for that procedure from Birchwood Casey. The end result is a glossy, nearly flawless finish. You can knock down the gloss with a light rub down with 0000 steel wool.
This gun stock finish is just about the simplest applying finish I've found.  The instructions provide various options for application, but I have found that rubbing on with a finger provides the best control and results.  Proper attention to wood preparation prior to application pays big dividends.  Waiting 12 hours between coats is a must.  If blemishes have occurred, light rubbing with 0000 steel wool followed by a rub down with an alcohol dampened cloth prior to another coat can result in a near mirror finish.  Have finished six different stocks and won't use anything other finish product.
I have used Tru-Oil on about 15 different projects (all firearm related).I have used this mostly over min-wax stains as a sealer.Use light coats it goes a long way.  I let my coats dry 24hrs between applications and use a 0000 steel wool lightly between coats.So far all the projects I have done with Tru-Oil over the years have held up great.  It isn't too hard to strip if you want to take it off (mineral spirits) and you can always touch up by knocking the top coat down with some steel wool and applying new coats.
Bought this after getting beat in a woodworking competition where a decorated gunstock beat out one of my guitars using Tru-oil. Bought a 20 oz. bottle and found it incredibly easy to layer up, dries comparatively fast, and is much harder than lacquer. Found bulk disposable non-linting application towels for application and basically put my spray equipment away for guitars.  Just great stuff, and it takes very little to put on a coat. Takes 7-8 coats to get glassy. Polishes well with clear coat swirl polish. Just outstanding stuff.
This is as pictured.  This holster is excellent for UNconcealed carry such as hunting.  I can't see it being concealed with a full size firearm, like my Ruger.  It fits the firearm well, but it you push the firearm into holster, it has kicked out of safety while walking.  Hence the 4 stars.  I have tried different angles, but always seems to fit same.  Maybe other firearms, with a different safety system, have no problem.  Great seller,great price.
Never shot trap or skeet before and wanted to learn without the hassle or embarrasment of joining the league.  That's not to say anything wrong with that, just going to get some basic skills down (like sighting, leading a target, etc.) before I let the pros school me.  So this seemed like the right piece of equiptment.  Boy was it.  So much fun.  Relatively easy to assemble (if you're mechanical otherwise give yourself an hour or so) and instructions moderately clear.  At first I couldn't hit 5 of 10, but very soon the basic skills just came natural.  At the end of 100 rds, I was doing almost 9 or every 10 clays.  SO MUCH FUN.  Couple more training sessions and I'll be ready to head to the league for some pointers and comradery.  I think if the One-Step broke tomorrow it would have been worth the price of entry into this sport.
Ten minutes to assemble and this is the first time I've put one together. The instructions are fine, if you actually read them, and don't try to re-engineer the product or make it sound more challenging then it is. Yes, the pictures on the box can get you there also as the small parts are already assembled, which leaves three larger assemblies to bolt together. The trap is sturdy, the welds are excellent, as is the paint and finish, and it is light enough to toss in the back of an SUV or car trunk.Going with the recommendations included with the instructions for spring tension and trigger setting, placing clays as the instructions suggested, caused the trap to throw clay pigeons exactly as the instructions predicted.
This thing is great! Going out shooting is hard sometimes because I have to find a buddy to pull clays for me. Not with this thing! I can load my gun and the trap and simply stand on it to pull and fire my gun with ease. I like that it has 4 adjustable height settings. They're all fun and the highest and lowest are the hardest, but it's nice to switch things up. It doesn't really dig itself out of the ground like the traps that require I string to be pulled either. Very sturdy. Easily assembled. 2 clays don't fly great on it, but for singles it's awesome.
I just got into the sport of trap shooting and I got this based on the solid reviews this device got compared to others offered on Amazon.  Seems to be pretty solid, very easy to use, and was at a very good price when I got it (~$90).  Only had it for a week which only included one outing so I can't really judge the durability.  But I wrote this review to mention one thing.  The instructions are poor.  Took me under two hours (granted I only had one wrench and it needed two, I had to improvise) and the second half of the directions were pretty much useless but looking at the picture on the box was able to get me through the last half.  With better instructions and the proper tools, I should have finished it tops 30 minutes.  So I will just knock off one star due to the manual.  For those who want to know before buying, it is made in China.
I have been needing to purchase a thrower for practice for upcoming duck season. I thoroughly researched them off the internet and read numerous reviews. I almost ordered one from cabelas, but  decided not to spend the $350.00 plus for an automatic thrower. I like how this one requires minimal work to load and throw your clays. I went through 2 boxes so far and none have broke while being thrown and also throw clays very well. No gripes from me and I saved a few hundred bucks. This should also last longer since I don't have to worry about supplying a battery, nor does is have wires that can corrode and require maintenance. This is a SOLID INVESTMENT. Highly recommend. This thrower also has some of the highest ratings you will find..A+
Nice case for the money.  I bought it to store my Rossi rifle.  The quality of the external material is very nice.  It feels good in the hand.  The stitching is very neat.  As for the interior material, it is smooth and the rifle does not leave an impression in it like some cases.  I liked the tin can graphic on the case since I plink with rifles.  The hanging loop on the small end is attached to the case with a rivet, not with stitching. I like that extra security that the rivet brings.  This case is very reasonably priced.  I have several good Allen cases.  I think this is the best of the lot.  Would be nice if different colors were available for this model, so if I had another I could tell which rifle is in each case.
Granted, these are nylon straps with elastic holders for 20 rounds, but a leather version of this would be upwards of $60.  So for $10 to get the same thing is a pretty good deal.  You can adjust to fit, then cut off extra with a pair of sissors.  My first belt, I took a lighter to the end when I was done to melt a little at the end of the strap to keep it together.  The second one I bought for a shotgun, I cut down, folded the end and stitched, the 3rd one I just cut.  ALL 3 have held up just fine.  Easy to use, easy to load and unload, great belt!
This is everything I was hoping for. It is sturdy and was absolutely easy to insert all 25 shells. I did find the easiest way to do it was insert every other slot and then go back and do the rest. The shells are held tight as a bug and no ammount of shaking seems to make them want to slide out. This is a guilty pleasure purchase for sure. I plan to use this as a bandolier not as an actual belt. I have tac holsters on my waist so no room for it to be used that way. Now I am ready for the zombie apocolypse, or the occupy people. LOL
I really like this shell belt.  It looks really cool when you throw it on and the fact that you can have 25 additional rounds around your shoulder or waist when you are in the field shooting clays makes this an awesome accessory.  Not the easiest to load but just like one of the other reviews pointed out it is easier to load every other round. I love the adjustability and snap on fastener which makes taking the belt off and putting it on much easier if it is around your waist.Great addition to add and also for the price it's a steal.
The rounds fit snug I have everything this baby from "00" Buckshot to birdshot. I am preparing a piece at a time for my "bugout" bag. and this is a neccessity. My bag contains an SOG axe, SOG survival knife, fire starting gear, SAS survival handbook, assorted batteries, poncho liner, thermal top, favorite t shirt, this belt, good pair of boots, .357 mag and plenty of rounds, good Mossberg shot gun, and and M-1 Garand for that long range shooting and knock down power. The bag it is all contained in besides the guns is a Spec-Ops brand bag which is a good strong bag with good zippers.
Four stars because 12 gauge shells must be vigorously wrestled into the belt with great effort. This belt really hits the mark for 20g shells. I have had issues with other belts for the 20g, but his one is perfect for this. It has less than stout buckles, but they work fine for me. I use one each for my 12 and 20 and would purchase them again. I have yet to lose a 12 gauge shell with this belt even after chasing quail in tall sage and through thick brush. It has held up through one season of vigorous hunting and I think will last for several more before becoming too loose like all the others I have used. It is worth the price considering none last me more than a few years.
Exactly what I needed, a belt that holds rounds for my shotgun and doesn't poke or prod me in uncomfortable places. It holds more than enough rounds for a belt piece and adjusts on the sides nicely, but what belt doesn't? The side adjust cinch is tight and doesn't stretch or come undone, however this may become less sturdy as time goes by but we'll see. Not a lot of bells and whistles, which I like. Straight to the point, exactly what I needed for the coming apocalypse ;) good hunting.
This belt is built really solid. The material is thick, the buckle is heavy duty and the shell holders are high quality elastic. About the only issue I have is that it is fairly difficult to insert the shells. A tip is to do every other one first and then fill in the blanks. I am assuming the elastic may relax a bit after a while. I am storing the belt with all 25 shells laoded in it and hoping that this may make the elastic relax a bit. The price can't be beat and the shipping was reasonable. I will post a picture of both sides of my belt fully loaded.
As with everything else I've found in the world of shotguns, this 20/12 ga. accessory is better suited for a 20 gauge, but will work alright for a 12. Reason being, the loops for the shells are tight enough to be inconvenient on the larger 12 gauge shells.The buckle is strong and secure, and the belt works just fine, otherwise. I would rather pay a little more and have the choice between the two sizes, but this item would work okay for hunting, as there's not really a rush to reload. It's not a great tactical accessory.
I wanted something to carry a little more shells than my sling did. This is perfect.Not to be paranoid but I wanted to have a good amount of shells ready and quick to deploy on the go. Didn't want to get a chest rig or anything too elaborate so this was the best option.I live in an urban area and fear that if there was some sort of natural disaster (we're overdue for a big quake here in CA) that panic might ensue. Wrap this around my waist and &#34;snap,&#34; its ready. Will also be useful for shooting we do at the ranch as well.For the price, you cannot go wrong.One thing to note, if you're a 36 waist and below, you will be left with a good amount of extra belt. Can always cut and sear the ends.
Decent for price, better than the other one I got(Blackhawk a little pricey). Does exactly what it is intended to do, hold shotgun shells and help keep your pants up. Stitching seems to be good quality, elastic nice and tight to hold shells so they won't fall out even after some wear(sorta difficult to put shells in first few times, but definitely a trade off I don't mind. Better than wearing out and shells falling out). I like my Blackhawk, but for the price difference, I love this one.
I really like this belt.  I purchased it to hold 410 shells and they fit beautifully.  In also holds 20 gauge shell nicely as well.  I havent used it yet on 12 gauge, however I think they would be a very tight fit.  The belt is long, but can be ajusted to fit most any waste, however there is an excess of webbing strap that hangs when worn aroung the waste.  This may be so you can use it as a bandolier as well.  The side release webbing clip is of good quality and very large.  This piece alone is worth a few bucks seperately.  I would have given this item a 5 if they had included a buckle to tie up the excess webbing.
Its not a $30+ dollar belt,but for the price,you won't be disappointed.Shells go in tight,but that's the way I would expect a new shell belt to be.Leaving the shells in the belt for an extended period should loosen the holders somewhat.Lots of extra belt material left over after adjustment on my 36" waist.I cut it off and melted the ends with a flame.This left over material will make a nice sheath for my survival knife.Waste not,want not.I got mine from OutdoorBunker and it arrived quickly and was packaged perfectly,with FREE shipping at that.Great item,thanks much O.B.and Amazon!
my 12 gauge shells fit perfectly. the only complaint i have is that it has a buttload of extra slack and just for reference i have a 36&#34; waist. but that's just me being nit-picky. i threw a couple rubberbands over it and its good to go. if that doesn't hold up than i may just cut it down to size. not a problem really. other than that it works just fine for what i need it to do. i am 100% satisfied. if you don't wish to spend any more for a shell holder belt than just get this one and take advantage of the super saver shipping. hope this helps;^)
I bought this because I want a way to keep my 590a1 loaded while on the move.I keep mine loaded with 00 buck and slugs for emergency.It was pretty hard to load the first time because the loops are so tight, id use this belt for 20 Gauge shells too.But this means the shells are very snug and I can confidently move about and know nothing is going to fall out.Grab 2 or 3 and keep them loaded up in a back pack, that way you can carry large amounts of ammo but with fast access.great buy, waay worth the money, even if your going to use it for skeet.Side note....expect friends to make swat and rambo jokes.
THE ALLEN COMPANY SHOTGUN SHELL BELT IS BUILT VERY STRONG. THE INDIVIDUAL SHOTGUN SHELL HOLDERS ARE VERY TIGHT BUT I JUST RUN MY FINGERS IN EACH HOLE AND STRETCH IT OUT. (GIGGITY).  LIKE MOST REVIEWERS SAID THE BELT IS SUPER LONG SO WHEN YOU ADJUST IT TO SIZE THERE WILL BE LOTS OF EXCESS MATERIAL. BUT YOU CAN CUT IT AND BURN THE EDGE. WHAT I DID WITH MY EXCESS MATERIAL WAS I FOLDED IT UP AND RUBBER BAND TO THE MAIN BELT. I ALSO HAVE A M-4 CARBINE AND I HAVE CLIP HOLDER THAT I RAN IT THROUGH THE BELT AND OVER THE FOLDER PART. SO ALL IS GOOD. CANT WAIT TO TAKE THIS SUCKER OUT TO THE DESERT AND TRY THIS OUT.
I ordered this belt to carry extra shells for my 20 gauge and the shells fit perfectly, but when I put 12 gauge in the slots it stretches the elastic to the max so be careful.  The belt itself is made of good quality for the price and can allow for a sidearm holster to clip onto either side if you're in the field.  The only real flaw is that there is a lot of extra belt hanging off after tightening it so that seems to get in the way and should have some sort of loop to put it through.
I use this belt to hold 12ga shells. Excellent for that purpose and more.The length of the belt is so generous that I double the belt as a cheaper alternative to the bandolier also sold here on Amazon that is almost 3x the price of this belt.Ergonomically speaking, this belt will function fine as a bandolier. You can place the belt across your shoulder so that you have access to ALL 25 shells in front of you. With the "true" bandolier, half those shells will be awkward to reach for anyways.I only gave it 4 stars because the quality of the belt could be better by using a more durable material like canvas for the belt. But for the low price of this belt, I really shouldn't be complaining.4-stars for this belt as I'm actually really happy with my purchase.
This belt is very adjustable in terms of waist measurement. The shells only go about half way around the belt and the belt clips shut. Distributing the weight of the shells around your waist makes them feel like nothing compared to carrying them in an ammo bag/box. I've tried wearing this belt over my regular pants belt and because it's adjustable it works fine. Also, can be worn comfortably with the bandolier that holds shells or a backpack. The elastic that holds the individual shells to the belt is very strong and you can shake the belt upside down and the shells will stay put. The clip that fastens the belt is very sturdy. All in all- seems like very sturdy construction.
I received this and it is a bit lighter weight than I imagined it would be. The belt material is soft to the touch and very flexible, not stiff. Shell loops are elastic and only single stitched so I wonder at long term durability. Buckle is of good size and weight and looks like it should work well. Size would fit someone from a small waist to very large. I am a 36 + size waist and I had plenty of room plus or minus that for adjustment. The width of the belt is less than the length of the shells. On the plus side is that it with the light weight construction comes light weight. It can only weigh a few ounces so shouldn't add much weight over the weight of the shells.The spacing on the loops of elastic are even and worked well for 12 ga shells. They were very tight but all 25 fit in the belt. I will update this over time with usage.
A solid, wide-web belt with a plastic quick release buckle. There's ample length for ample waists, and the 25 shotshell loops do not take up the whole belt, so there's room for accessories, if you choose. I wear about a 34&#34;, and I can fit two magazine and one pistol holster comfortably alongside the shotshells. Construction quality is good. 12 ga shells are held very snugly. They are readily removed from a full belt; an empty one is pretty lightweight and requires just a bit more effort to get those last 2-6 shells out.
This shell belt is one good belt. holds the shells in place they are not coming out. i had no problems putting in the 25 shells was pretty easy. The belt is a strong stiff nylon belt. The only minor thing which is minor is the slack left over if your an average size guy 38inch waist or smaller. either cut the slack or like i did zip tied the slack. I use it for when i do outside shooting i have extra shells on me and i don't have to walk back to the table.
I use these to keep multiple shotgun shells ready for just in case.  It works best if you stagger the shells with primers facing up and down.  It would have been better if it was a little shorter and had the shell holders go further around it.  But it is a good buy for what it is.  You can fill these and then store them in an ammo can so that they are ready and protected.I use Amazon for most of my purchases and update my reviews if anything changes with the products. I do this so other Amazon users can get a real feel for the life of the product. You can look at my review which will be close to my purchase date and tell how the product is doing as time passes.  I am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own.
I'm not sure why I thought this was a sling when i purchased it but I ended up keeping it anyway. I love the belt, I use it for 12 gage ammo and its fits very nice. It can be a bit time consuming putting shell per shell in the belt. I did actually have ONE issue, the buckle in the front would clip together but gave me such a hard time trying to take it off. Sometimes it would be easy to remove the belt and other times it would be difficult. I'm a 32' at waist and i still have quite a bit of the belt left over after i put it on nice and tight. I do recommend, it feels like good material. I don't have any other issues.
For the money or even if you want to spend more money.You can't beat this belt for serveing it's purpose.Glad I read the reviews before buying it though.It will hold 25 12 gauge shells very snugly.Do what the guy says in his reveiw.Insert in every other loop and then fill in the empty loops.Also it can serve as a pistol belt at the same time.Just make sure before you load it to turn it so the long empty part is on the side you want to wear pistol on.
So, while this isn't as high quality as the blackhawk variant or perhaps some others, it does exactly what it's intended to do and does it well. I don't understand all these people talking about how it's hard to get the shells in. You just start them on the side where the webbing extends past the loops, and rock them in. It takes about 2 minutes to load up the whole thing with 12G shells, and it's no problem.The elastic also appears to be holding up well, despite the fact that I've kept it loaded for several months now - it does not seem to be fatiguing. In general, I'd say that although it's not the highest quality piece you can get, it's a great value for the money and functions well.
I was looking for a range belt to hold .45 long colts. I was initially thinking about a leather cartridge belt, but the price of many of them drove me away. When I found this product I figured it was cheap enough to give it a shot so I did. I'm pretty pleased with the belt. It may not have the cowboy look of a leather cartridge belt but it works just as well not only a holding cartridges. I can slip on a holster for my 1858 cartridge conversion Remington, leather cylinder pouches and one bullet pouch and still keep it fast to my hip. I weighted it with everything on it including the gun and it weighed about 10 pounds. My only complaint with the design is that the "slack" left after you tighten it to your waist just flaps around and I had to tuck it into my holster so it didn't look like I was walking around with a bathrobe on. I sew on a small loop of fabric to use as a belt loop.
More than long enough to go around my above average waist size.  Well made.  I didn't buy it for the cartridge holders.  I use it to attach other shooting items to it - a pellet pouch, magazine pouches, and a .380 gun holster.  Works great.  I saw some reviews about the extra length being a problem.  What I did was use a paper clamp - the kind that is used to keep a rather thick (1/2 to 1 inch) stack of paper together.  Just attach it to the belt and then flip the handles down so it is smooth.  Dollar Store has them for 6 for a $1.00.
Got this belt to carry ammo for my Circuit Judge (.45 long colt and 410 shotshell). Works great for both. Also plenty of room to carry my pistol holster on one side and an ammo pouch on the other side for misc. My only complaint is that while it will adjust to almost any size with plenty of extra belt for larger sizes or for going over a heavy coat, there is nothing to keep the loose end of the extra belt length from just hanging and flopping around. They should have added a sliding loop of some kind to the end of the belt to keep it in place. Maybe I'll make something myself. But otherwise, very rugged and well worth the money.
I use this to carry my wife's grandfather's 16 gauge side by side, which has no swivels.  It does work just fine to slip on the stock and barrels, and make my way through the woods for turkey hunting.  I can see the complaints about strap position...they are valid.  However, for the price, I really don't notice it that much.  On a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being most annoying, strap position is a 2 or 3.  If you have a thin or sensitive shoulder, I could see it being a pain.The nice part is that it does carry the gun low enough that you are not hanging on every branch and &#34;waitaminute&#34; vine you go past.  Once you find your spot, you can slip it off the gun and get it out of the way.  Durability seems reasonable - I will use it until it dies and buy another.
For the price, I would expect this to be a bit more strong like Blackhawk merchandise. This is a great dual mag holder, the mags go in easy, and hold great, while allowing an easy but restrained pull out....no jokes on that guys....But my problem is how flimsy the area at the top of the belt line is. I literally feel like I'm going to break it, or bend it beyond repair when I put it on my hip.I doubt it would, but for $40+ there should be no doubt I bought a good mag holder. Better plastic my friends, get on it.
For just a few more dollars (totally worth it) you can have this same product shipped from a location closer than Israel.Although I've already ordered this product (a while ago) and am still waiting for it to arrive, I am familiar with this product.I used this during a pistol class and it worked like a charm.  It helps to have one of these at your hip for the simple, common-sense reason of having easy access to more mags at the firing line.The three stars are not geared towards the product itself.  The three star review represents the very, very long wait time.Be safe, people!
I ordered the 40in. (sm) GunMate Deluxe Rifle case for a Ruger 10/22 carbine.It was a PERFECT fit for the 10/22 with a 3-9X40 scope. My scope is mounted with UTG medium height quick disconnect rings.When I say perfect fit I mean that if my scope rings were higher or a had a hi rise picatinny rail it would have not fit.Yes it is a &#34;lockable&#34; case keeping in mind that it is vinyl and rather easily opened with a razor blade.Zipper appears adequate and strong enough along with plenty of padding without being bulky.
Pretty much all the other reviews are spot on with what you will find. They are cotton cloth patches that will sometimes leave threads. There are a lot of them in the package and the price is right for them. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that I ordered .22 cal patches and they were just a hair big. They fit over the jag, but draped over the shank of the jag and onto the shaft of the Tipton carbon fiber cleaning rodTipton Deluxe Carbon Fiber Cleaning Rod with 22 to 26 Caliber and 8 x 32 Female Threadthat I bought at the same time.Pros:cotton clothcleangood pricegood quantityabsorbantMade from Southern Belle's Bloomers!Cons:The .22 cal was just a hair too bigThey will sometimes leave a stray threadThey are plain white. I was expecting some of them to have hearts or flowers on them since they are recycled bloomers.
Good deal on cotton patches which seem to clean better than the thin paper type.  However, I had trouble with it fitting through my Remington R700 in .308 caliber.  I had to fold to triangle shape and cut 1/4" off of each patch before running through.  No problems through 7.62x39 and 7.62x54 barrels though.  Not sure why that was the issue, since they are all .30 caliber.  I'm guessing it is the difference between my cleaning rods as I use different attachments for all 3.  However, would purchase again.
Product says the Pro's love this stuff but with the little cotton fibers coming loose all the time, (remember this stuff is made from cut up underwear) and leaving tiny little cotton pieces all over the floor, inside and outside all over my guns ain't a good thing to me.Maybe they can be used for something but I don't recommend using as gun patches especially when used when used with cleaning fluid or oil as the fluid just makes it order to pick up all those little almost microscopic pieces of cotton.
These patches absorb solvent and oil well.  I noticed I have to use one or two fewer patches, to effectively clean a barrel, than the less-absorbent patches I was previously using.  The one thing to be aware of, you do have to check each patch for loose strings at the edges.  As long as I pull any obvious loose strands, I haven't once left any behind in the barrel.  They work well, and are a good value.  I'm glad a fellow firearms enthusiast recommended them to me.  They also make good firestarters, for a field kit, if you char a small stack of them.
These are the same patches my unit supply command issues us to clean our weapons for range use/inspection/missions. Yes, they leave little strings here and there, but cleaning up after yourself and doing a final wipe-through inside your barrel is not something to cry about...These patches are weaved, which allows for better removal of carbon and other buildup than that of mops or non-weaved cotton patches. And because it is weaved, i've noticed that it also has more absorbancy than that of other patches.I give 5-stars for the product itself, and a thumbs-down for the price. I think a great bargain price would be closer to $15 for .223 patches instead of $18+shipping... But that's just my .02 cents.
The holster was very comfortable to wear and fit the gun nicely.  There is no issue with the gun falling out at all. The gun was very hard to unholster. There is a proper way to remove, and practice is needed to learn how to use the holster.  Using your other hand to hold the holster helped.  It is designed like this to keep anyone else from upholstering your weapon.  Only straight up &#34;snappy&#34; pulling of the gun will get it out.  Very nice holster if you can learn the proper technique.  I would have kept the holster, but I could not get the hang of it.
This holds magazines fine and has a adjustment screw for the tension.What lets it down are the two poppers which fix it to the belt. They are so hard to pop on and off it takes considerable effort and contortion to mount it on your belt.Update: After many iterations of putting it on and taking it off it has loosened up enough that I'd bump the star rating from 3 to 4. The tension screw has a tendancy to back out over time but is easy to tighten back up. I guess some locktite would fix it.
Bought for my daughter's starter archery set and work very well. Tied string around it to attach to a bale of straw, and even though it tore along the folded seam after a few hits, it taped back just fine and has even withstood being outdoors for a couple of weeks relatively well. I say relatively since with the wetness, it's certainly seen it's better days but's still alive.Paper's not too thin, not overly thick either, just average I'd say. At over $3/target, I'd like to see that a little cheaper, even if it came in a larger pack. I'm going to go see if I can find more durable plastic ones that aren't too overly expensive, but if not, I'll keep buying these and using scotch tape :)
Cheap paper, you'll tear it trying to get it out of the package.  The package that it comes in,  is 10 times the quality of thepaper the target is made from.  A tip for you friends:  pay 5.00 for a bale of straw, spray paint circles on the straw bale ofyour choice of colors, then you'll have a quality target that will last all summer.  In the winter cover it with a large plasticleaf bag, and put it in the shed for next summer.  Take heed to my message to you, I give you true and factual info. Thisis a fact, it is a s*** item.....
The uniform was fine for what I bought it for.  I got a 000 and a 00 for a slightly tall but skinny 5 year old.  Just as I thought he fit the pants of the 000 and the jacket of the 00.  I scanned the size chart from the package and uploaded it.  Maybe this will help others.  It's a good quality uniform.  It's great for the price.  But it's like trying to buy a 2 piece suit that comes as a set.  Not everyone fits their pre-made size combinations.  If they sold them as separate tops and pants there would be way less whining about the size.
This black Century Karate Gi (uniform) is high quality and is exactly the same as the ones provided at our Dojo. My son needed a second Gi since he likes to wear a clean one every time. I have been using Century uniforms for years and have always been pleased with how well they hold up.These come with very long legs and arms so it needed to be hemmed to fit. It is also a little stiff right out of the package but with wear and a few washings it becomes very comfortable.Highly Recommended!CFH
This is a very basic sling; just some nylon straps and a standard pad. That's a compliment, not a criticism; fancy slings are good for some things, but for a normal hunting rifle this is ideal. Gel pads have too much bounce when I'm walking, and too much give to steady offhand aim. I don't need non-skid backing or elastic loops to hold ammunition. For what I want, this is well-made and economical.By the way, this sling does NOT include swivels. If you don't have spares, you should consider buying one that does include them, because if you buy them separately that can add $10-$15 to the total price of the sling. There are Allen slings on Amazon that have swivels installed for just a few dollars more than this one. This is truly the no-frills model; what you see is what you get.
The rubber knife is a rubber knife... the only bad part is that the &#34;silver&#34; rubs off really easily... an hour after taking the knife out of the packaging I saw that the knife had rubbed a bunch of silver paint on my pant leg; it wasn't a big deal, but now the fake knife looks like a black rubber knife instead of a fake knife... oh well, it was cheap and fun.  maybe a can of spray paint will bring back the &#34;silver look&#34;
I used this knife for a film and looked fine on camera, but while using it in a fighting scene, the blade part ripped off.We are unsure if it was just that one unit, or if its not that durable. It is made out of rubber and feels like a really good quality rubber.We purchased 2 more just in case, and they did not break.One con if you use it for a movie, the blade part often bends and is hard to make it strait.Overall, whether you use it for combat training, film or stage, you will enjoy this product.
Heavier and more rigid than the tanto version but has the benefit of an integral hand guard. The paint cracks and peels quickly so it gets ugly fast. Other then that it's well made and lasts under heavy use. I've had a half dozen of these for training classes and they've held up perfectly for almost five years now. They bend but don't break, hit hard enough to tell you've been struck, but don't leave any lasting injury though they do have a tendency to leave welts with heavy impact where the lighter tanto-style knives do not. I strongly suggest avoiding head shots or wear appropriate protection. Great value-priced training tool.
I bought these based on the reviews and I am very pleased with their performance.  I originally bought PD-M424 but returned them for these when I read more reviews.  The resin cages around the pedals make it very easy to keep your foot on the pedal from a stop while locking in your cleat.  It also allows you to unclip and still have room for your foot on the pedal.  I have not tried using these without cleated shoes but I think it would work for short rides.Durability not an issue so far but I'm not a racer and don't get very wild when I ride.
I've been using these pedals for four years, and they've been consistently great. They're incredibly easy to clip into, and flip into proper position almost instantly. Clipping out is totally natural. Most importantly, if you're in tight traffic (middle lane of 6th Avenue in midtown Manhattan at rush hour, for example), and need to clip out for an instant because of some hazard ahead, it's possible to maintain total control using the flat of the pedal until you have the space/speed/security to clip back in. I find the M647s to be totally practical whether I'm pulling a heavy trailer or traveling light. I've recommended the pedals to many friends.They're comfortable with street shoes too.
It is silky smooth. Click in and click out easily. On sketchy section, you could un-clip for quick bailout  and still have a platform to stand on or pedal (but i do not recommend that). Pedal is not level. You will feel the clip in the middle with sneakers. Also, you could also pedal on uphill restart without immediately click in. Not for beginner. Beginner should use flat pedal to learn the cycling skill. Learning clip and unclip with other skills at the same time is too much too ask. I found out the hard way. You get nervous click-in on sketchy sections. You tighten up naturally. You will crash the section  you could have clear otherwise.Otherwise, it is sweet.
Some have said it's too heavy for a child, but my 5 year old son's Sensei prefers some weight to the staff so it doesn't go flying out of their hands.  Sensei likes the weight of it for that reason and that it will also build some strength and control.  My son loves that it has a cool design.  I can't make out the design but it doesn't seem to matter to him.  The carrying case I orders from this company was flimsy so I'd say, don't feel obligated to get it.  Also, the case was REALLY PINK.  You just don't know what you're gonna get.  LOL.
Nice and light for my son to practice with, and the dragon motif makes the boy believe he's Bruce Lee.  I have no idea what sort of wood it is but the staff is light but strong and no problem for a young kid to use.  The dragon design is shallowly etched into the wood and the black highlighting of it was faded in places but still looked pretty good.Item arrived packaged as if it were going to be submerged in the Marianas Trench (two thick layers of heavily-taped plastic which were a real chore to remove) but I suppose it's better than being shipped with no protection whatsoever.Overall it's a good starter bo staff for someone to train with; you could do worse.
I was impress how quickly this came and was very happy with the staff they sent me (ordered on Mon and received by Friday).  It is not a finished staff or pole, there are slight bumps where branches were coming off the sapling (These can be sanded off quite easily), but it is straight...as straight as something natural can be.  The length was great, but I cut it down to use as a hiking stick/spear shaft for the Cold Steel Bushman blade.  For those of you getting ready for the Zombie Apocalypse :-) , this is the perfect companion to the Cold Steel Spear Tips/Knives.
I bought two of these based on a review that said they were inconsistent.  The review was spot-on, and I bought them, even knowing I would have a lot of work to do.  I have been able to straighten them somewhat by wetting and steaming, and have sanded one to get rid of the knot bumps, and, for the work, they are usable, if not "performance grade."I would take the chance again, since for the martial arts I practice (Tai Chi Chuan), spear forms are a high-level exercise.  The spears have a heavier point, and these would otherwise be ideal, if they were something thicker.  I suppose it counts on how many are in the "batch" received from China, and when one buys.  I'm still hoping I can get them worked out.
INITIAL REVIEW UPON PURCHASING:I purchased this hand pump for inflating my bike tires.  I am only an occasional biker, so I use it every month or two.  Thus far, I have been very pleased with its performance.  It's easy to pump and makes quick work of my bike tires.  Those interested in getting perfectly optimized pressure will need a separate pressure gauge, as one is not included with this pump.TWO MONTH UPDATE:I've owned the bike pump for two months and used it exactly twice. Yesterday, when I attempted to pump up my tires, the entire thing broke in two.  I guess inexpensive really does mean cheap in this case.  I'll be searching for a better quality pump in the future.
Sorry, old SNL skit with Hanz and Franz. [...] But this air pump gets me as excited as a LITTLE... GIRL... (Sorry again).Seriously, a very good pump that I have been using for a while to pump up a slowly leaking car tire, which takes a LOT of pumping to fill, so you know it's durable.  On suggestion is to tie up the bottom of the hose so that there is not a lot of motion where the rubber meets the steel.  I've found in other pumps that that is always where the failure eventually happens.Great value.
First, I wear a women's 8 1/2 and bought the size 39 ... Wow ... so when I first put them on I thought  &#34; maybe too small ? no, there is room ... wait, now they feel too big ? &#34; yea, I don't even know how that's possible ... they were wide and provided NO support ... I wore them to Tae Kwon Do once (took them off after 10 min)  and to Krav Maga (took them off after 10 min) once thinking maybe they just aren't good for lots of kicking, but it just made everything more difficult.  Being barefoot and risking getting stepped on repeatedly is better than wearing these shoes.  Yes, they are a great price, but not usable so that does not matter.  Hopefully other people had a better experience.
When i bought this shoe, what i had in mind were the following:-Flexible: The thin sole made it very flexible.-affordability: It costed me only around 20 bucks so it is very affordable.-no heel: there wasn't much of a heel-space for toes: sadly this is were this shoe and many others fail to measure up, the toe box is pretty tapered. A girl may not have problems, but for me, i ordered a 44. the shoe was slighter longer for my feet, but the toe box was too narrow.i had this shoe for about 3 months and i wear them without socks giving my toes some room, but if it had a different shape, i would have given it a higher rating.
These martial arts shoes are fantastic for many reasons. For one, they have helped to straighten my back ... doctors say that there is nothing better for relieving stress on your back than walking barefoot. Also, the soles on these shoes are so thin that they are the next best thing to walking barefoot. I am 50 years old, and I have suffered from fallen arches, over-pronating ankles, and plantar faciitis for 31 years. Strengthening my arches and ankles by wearing these martial arts shoes has helped to correct my foot issues. After two months of wearing these shoes, my arches and ankles have become so strong that I have even thrown away my orthotics and arch supports. I can now walk barefoot all day long with no pain. I even run barefoot too!
I do yoga in my garage workout area. I bought these shoes to do yoga in the garage in the winter so that my feet would not freeze. These shoes work great for that. They are very flexible and are the next best thing to bare feet. The shoes are canvas with rubber soles and a rubber toe cap that extends about three inches down each side of the shoe. This rubber toe cap works great to  protect the shoe when holding poses like &#34;upward dog&#34; when the tops of my feet are supporting the weight of my legs. They are not perfect. The build quality is good but not great in terms of appearance, but they seem durable. You can't beat them for the price. You should buy a pair. I wear a size 12 running shoe. I ordered these in a size 45 and they fit fine.
These shoes are not just hype, they are everything te say and then a lot more. They look great, fell great and are buit to last, I usualy go through a pair of shoes every 6 months (give or take) praticing capoeira, name brand shoes, generic shoes, I go through the soles, rip open the front pont where your toes are,  none have withstood as much as these. They are going on a year now and they look like they can last another year,  easy. Highly recomend them, the sole is padded for great comfort and performance.
This is a way fun sneaker for tricking or Parkour.  I also use them for gymnastics, they fit well, surprising, I wear a 10.5 and they are surprisingly well fitting.  They are lightweight and fun, really cool for flipping and trampoline follies (literally in my case).  They don't real have the right structure for suspension trainers (I'm a TRX Qualified Trainer), I'd use minimals for something like that.I don't know wushu from mushu, but they are comfortable and fun to wear.
As many martial artists say, the Top One Feiyues are better than the Tiger Claw Feiyues, but considering I've been wearing these Tiger Claw Feiyues for about a year and half, the quality is pretty good. The rubber on the bottom hasn't been worn out yet, and this review is coming from an amateur wushu athlete who practices on concrete (and likes to drag her feet when she walks). I'm still using them now, and I think I can actually keep using them for another year and a half.
I ordered these to wear during workouts (WiiFit, Tae-Bo, and Yoga).  I ordered a 38EU, which should have been a bit small, if anything, according to the sizing chart.  Not so.  They are actually about a size (or 1 1/2 size) too big.  It's a shame, because they seem to be nice, otherwise, and would be great for working out.  Lightweight, and seem to be well made.  I'm going to give them to my sister, who should be able to fit them.
We have a 22 year old son who loves being barefoot, but that's not always practical due to weather. He really likes the lightness and comfortableness of these shoes for his general purpose wear (not martial arts). We buy about one new pair each year. His use is probably about 6 months of HEAVY walking (3-6 miles per day). These aren't designed for this, but they hold up pretty well. He basically just wears through the soles.So, these can be used for more that just martial arts. As comfortable and light footware, they work well.
I wear these shoes for pretty much everything but running.  As other reviewers have mentioned, these are extremely comfortable with a wide base to provide plenty of traction and grip.  The rubber soles and canvass uppers make them very flexible while still providing some support.  These shoes are great for martial arts as well as normal everyday use.  I often just wear them around the house because they are so comfortable.  They do tend to show sweat stains very easily, but it's understandable being that they're made from white canvass.
The only issue one might find with these is, as another reviewer mentioned, the warning regarding carcinogenic ingredients.  My guess is these probably have some amount of lead in them, under the paint.  I used to live in CA and the same warning was put on wine bottles for the foil used to enclose the ends.  I figure with these weights I'm not going to be touching them too often and I'll just wash my hands after each use.Otherwise, these are well made, clean and exactly what I wanted.  I'd order them again.
- Using these 1&#34; weight plates with the 1&#34; EZ bar from the same company.- It's a cost effective solution, the weights feel true to weight or close enough that I didn't feel the need to weight them on a scale or anything.- Issue I had is they marked the floor very easily. I placed the EZ bar down with the weight on it on a basement floor with flooring over it, and it marked the floor with paint from the weight plate. I wasn't pleased with this. Therefore I have the weights on a yoga mat to prevent this issue. It's not a deal breaker because you can get yourself up with an EZ bar set that doesn't break the bank, but just be aware of that little issue.- Amazon Prime quick delivery and the pricing makes it easy to add more weight plates when needed.
I moved into a place that had a missing lateral sewer cover in the garage. The city water/sewer department indicated it wasn't their responsibility because it was on the condo HOA grounds and don't sell to the public. The HOA said it was the homeowner's responsibility since it's located in the garage floor. It seemed getting an iron cover was impossible. Behold I thought to find a barbell weight plate that would hopefully be as close in diameter to the hole opening as possible. I stacked two of these plates on top of each other and the open is now perfectly covered and it's level with the pavement now too.
These are weights so not much to say about them or what you're supposed to do with them.  They are high quality metal plates so should last a lifetime easily.  Anyway, the idea here is to buy them to save some money.  The prices fluctuate a lot so you need to pay attention and be patient.  It's really nice having these shipped to your door because it saves a lot of time and these can of course get heavy, being a bit awkward to carry with you.
I used this to start a fire in the rain with tinder and fuel tabs.  I was able to light my tinder in 2 strikes with this the very first time I used it.  I'm not 100% sure if the credit belongs to the tinder, the starter, or both but that's hard to beat.  Using the dull back side of my knife, I was able to easily create and impressive amount of sparks with each strike.  I plan to test it again soon and see how it fares, but it's initial performance blew me away.  I have no choice but to give it a 5 out of 5.
I purchased several of these repackaged at WalMart (though they still say Coghlan on the brick) as well as one at Amazon. Rather than rehash what the other reviewers have said (which is essentially accurate) I'll just say it works if you do what you are supposed to do. I keep one of these in each of my various packs (3-day bag, Camelbak HAWG, Camelbak Ambush) as you never know when you might need a fire. Yes, your handy lighter might work, but if its out of fuel, the weather is bad, etc. this little gem will still get 'em started. 4 stars instead of 5 as it would be better if it came with a small piece of metal for the stiker/shaver.
At least to me anyway. I complained that the tinder you need for a fire steel has to be small and dry and works much better with an accelerant like  char cloth or cotton with petrolium jelly. The mag bar has it's own accelerated tinder built right in after a few practice trials, you should be able to ignite the magnesium with a few strikes if you can not with just 1.Have a small pile in some collected tinder and once the pile is going it stays hot long enough for the tinder to flame up.for 8 bucks try it out at least for fun anyway.
It works well, cheap way to make a fire, not heavy and only use a very small room on your survival kitCons:The product does not come with any kind of striker/shaver attached. This tool could really benifit from a small piece of metal to use as a striker and to shave magnesium off.If you shave magnesium off and striking the flint with your knife will dull the blade pretty quickly. You can find a special striker for carring with it. Personaly I use the one that came with the  Coghlans Flint Striker.NOTICE: If you plan to fly to diferent location to start you journey be carefull you are  not allowed to carry it in your luggage or in your carry on bags
Tested this out last week and was amazed how easily it worked, if you're patient.I was simply testing the concept, not a full wilderness test, just did it outside on top of an old receipt.1.  Use the included saw (back and forth, not up and down) to generate the mag dust, dime says is MORE than enough, I used less.2.  Turn it over and scrape the fire steel with the BACK of your knife (assuming the back is squared).  When doing this, it may be helpful to hold the knife in one position and pull the start UP, this way your sparks remain in one spot for more heat and you're not accidentally disturbing your tinder by hitting with the knife.The secret is waiting until you have enough magnesium dust, and at least moderately good tinder.  Once the mag ignites, it burns hot and probably for about 60 seconds, be ready to put small stuff on it within 20 seconds.  Good luck!
This loader works very well.  I would have rated It 5 stars except for one thing: the slot that holds the baseplate of the magazine in place while loading was not quite wide enough to accommodate the baseplate of the factory 15-round magazines for my Beretta 92FS.  I could use the loader, but the magazine was crooked (due to the baseplate not fitting in the slot properly).  After taking a few minutes with a Dremel tool to widen the slot by about 1/16&#34; the loader works great. The 92FS 15 round mag has a pretty thick baseplate so if you are using this for other magazines it may work great right out of the package.  Putting aside the requirement for the modification this loader is a very good value for the price.  A real time saver (and thumb saver) for those high capacity magazines.
WOW THAS all I can say, this speedloader has saved my fingers, after having to load over 70K in ammo by hand. I.E. using my bare hands no help, the blisters were painfull, NOW this little wonderful gadget has saved my fingers and my fellow "armorers" fingers, you slide the mag into the unit, and as the instructions say, you just squeeze, insert and release and push..OMG i was able to load 5 mags each with 15rnds, in less than a min. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this..can't wait till the others arrive.
Worst Magazine Loader I Have eve used. When my department used revolvers the ZHKS speed loader was a good product and worked well. Gut when they came out with this monster it was hit and miss. The unit was very hard to operate and the shorter 9mm, .40 magazines would slip out of the grove on the unit designed to hold any size magazine in place. The unit cause fumbleitis  with over and over again especially on the short magazines. My partner has a Glock 19 and I had a Glock 27.We both bought the Uplula from Amazon and instant improvement and loading any of our magazines. It is a few dollare more that the Hks but well worth it because you can count on it to work. I have used mine wile under strett reload and it did not miss a beat. Magazine filled in no time with every round.
If you aren't familiar with speed loaders, you're in for a treat. If you have, this one works great.  I had no trouble at all with the 92F at full 16 or 17 (I forgot which), and 45 at 11 work just fine. I did try it on a 30+ for the 92F but the plastic was not strong enough for the force needed against a spring that could hold 30+, but I don't expect that to work or consider it a negative. I think I got upward of 24 or so. For what it is intended it works great!
The manufacturer says to use their ink in their printer. Of course they are going to say that, but is it for a real reason, or just so they can make more money? I don't know.I go with the real thing, and haven't had any problems. Maybe I wouldn't have any problems with refills or generic brands, but the small difference in price doesn't make the experiment worthwhile to me. I'd rather pay a little more for this genuine HP cartridge than take a chance in causing a problem with my printer.
The problem I had with this product is that the silicone grease would migrate out of the jar and start to spread all over my workbench and I hadn't even used it!I received the item in a plastic bag. When removing the jar from the bag I noticed that the grease had leaked out of the jar so I cleaned it all up and tightened the lid on the jar then set it aside.Two weeks later, I go to use the grease and there is a big silicone grease spot about 6&#34; wide underneath the unmoved jar!If I couldn't contain the product in the jar with a tightly closed lid then I would not use this SG on my equipment.I ended up throwing it away!
As silly as it sounds this is great stuff to have around the house.  Especially around my house!  I have lots of hobbies that require use of silicone grease.  Lubricating o-rings is the number one use.  O-rings are found everywhere it seams. Faucets, my Pelican cases that store my electronics, my scuba gear, air filter housings on my ATVs and motorcycles, lawn equipment, air compressor accessories, I use it everywhere!  If you're a DIYer it pays to have a little jar of this stuff on your work bench. It's not expensive and really comes in handy!!!
